# Prologue

Dark, warm, comphy, cozy, echoy... 

That was the feeling of the container.

The bottom half of the container is a bed, or at least it felt like a bed.

A pillow was there too, near the front.

with the exception of how small and cramped it was in here, the place would have felt like a proper bedroom. 

But as it is, it just feels like a shipping container for a single person, or more accurately, it felt like a coffin. 

For the person laying down here, that's not too far off.

"Hello user A244X0Z4305PHAN4, welcome to the Infinity Simulation Pod"

The somewhat robotic voice said.

"How would you like to set up your simulation today?" it asked.

"Randomize all parameters with some restrictions."

"Which restrictions would you like to impose?"

"Humans may not die in my presence."

"Adjusting parameters... Complete. What other restrictions would you like to impose?"

"None"

"Understood. Generating simulation... Complete. Before the simulation is started, please familiarize yourself with the safety features."

A screen lit up on the roof of the container before the voice continued.

"For your safety, thought acceleration is severely limited while within the simulation. In the case of an emergency, exiting the simulation can be done by informing any simulated individual that they are a simulation. The following root commands have been added to your system: exit_simulation, reset_simulation, pause_simulation, connect_exterior, disconnect_exterior..."

The voice continued to list off things.

However. at this point, user A244X0Z4305PHAN4 no longer cares.

"Skip instructions"

"Understood. please be advised that you must acknowledge our terms of service before you are able to enter the simulation."

The screen on the roof of the container changed to another screen and the semi-robotic voice started reading again.

Of course, no one ever reads these... 

"As a user of the Infinity Simulation Pod, you are..."

"Hello hero, I would like to invite..."

The robotic voices seemed to double up and became an incoherent mess.

Feeling frustrated and thinking this is just a random bug, user A244X0Z4305PHAN4 called out: "Agree to all"

After all, no one reads these anyway, why sit through a readout that's not even comprehensible?

"Acknowledged."

"Thank you"

The reply was strange too. 

But user A244X0Z4305PHAN4 paid it no heed. 

Before long, user A244X0Z4305PHAN4 was unconscious and being shipped off to another world.

## <center>...<center>

<center><a href="./9nyC33pA">Next Chapter</a></center>
