# Fight or Flight

After Ethan's callout, only one of the 4 pairs of contestants immediately engaged each other.

The other 3 pairs of fighters were all having some sort of conversation or performing what seems to me like intimidation tactics.

I really didn't understand this whole thing.

The pair that immediately went at each other were fighting in a way that looked a bit like a mix between Sumo Wrestling and Boxing. 

At least to me. 

I was never too interested in combative sports to know anything concrete as I was more of a parkour kind of person. 

Despite my last parkour run being hundreds of years ago, I still have some memories of my parkour days that haven't been archived.

Based on my parkour experience, I felt like the footwork of the sumo boxers were rather lacking.

Looking around, I noticed that many of the students around me were focused on another pair.

I followed their gaze towards a pair of combatants who seemed to just be talking. 

I didn't know why everyone was looking but I felt like I should probably be looking at them too.

After all, even if this world was generated by randomness, I'd at least expect thinking entities to be behaving in logical and rational ways.

One of the contestants on the platform everyone was looking at seemed like a female variant of her species. 

She had long sharp ears on the side of her head like mine but she didn't have another set on top of her head.

This told me she didn't have my gravitational wave observation ability since my setup requires detectors on 3 axes. 

Her opponent seemed more like the male variant of his species. 

He also had ears like mine except his were at the top of his head instead of the side.

He also seemed to have a tail of some sort too.

Quite the bold fashion statement.  

The two of them talked for a bit before finally getting into some sort of fighting stance that I didn't recognize and from the looks of it, they're the last ones to get started.

I guess when Ethan said "Begin when ready" he really meant it and the prospective students are making full use of that readying time. 

In a blink and you'll miss it moment, the tailed boy leaped at the pointy-eared girl.

He clawed at her but she deflected his swipe mid-strike and countered with a low sweep.

Surprisingly, it didn't knock him over as her kick bounced off his shin.

Taking advantage of that, the tailed boy responded with a kick from his other leg.

The girl jumped back and evaded the counter-attack in clockwork fashion.

Upon landing, she immediately leaped forward again to press whatever advantage she may have had still, but the tailed boy was ready. 

He had already regained his balance by then and stood firm.

As she closed in, she tried what looked like a strong punch but the tailed boy parried it with ease. 

But she immediately followed up the first punch with a series of quick jabs that were all easily blocked or parried.

Despite her relentless attacks, the tailed boy didn't seem to be too bothered at all, yet, for some reason, the tailed boy retreated backwards after a few hits. 

Funny enough, the pointy-eared girl didn't try to close the distance to press her attack again but instead she began talking to the tailed boy. 

Despite the chat, both fighters maintained their combat stance unlike how they were posturing during the chat before the fight started. 

I took this moment to glance at the other fights and they all looked like they were doing the sumo boxing thing the first pair were. 

In fact, the first pair seemed to have finished their fight and are already making their way back to the benches.

I returned my gaze to the arena with the pointy-eared girl and the tailed boy just in time to catch them engaging each other again.

The tailed boy reinitiated the fight again by jumping towards the girl while throwing a punch.

She didn't react at all and just took the punch to the face. 

The tailed boy's strike looked like it would have sent the pointy-eared girl flying but for some reason, she only slightly lost her footing, but overall, she maintained her stance.

She stood her ground and grabbed the tailed boy's arm that was connected to her face.

With a firm grip on her target, she started hitting the boy in rapid succession with her other arm.

The tailed boy made his best attempt to block her punches with his free hand but it didn't seem like it was working.

Yet as they continued, it was very clear what was going on.

The tailed boy was getting pushed back.

The pointy-eared girl's hold on him ensured that he was always in striking range as well as being able to control his movement options.

It looked like the tailed boy was just a single step away from falling off the stage when, suddenly, he caught one of the girl's punches by her wrist and had her firmly held in his trap.

The pointy-eared girl struggled with what seemed like all her might but it was a pointless struggle as the tailed boy proceeded to throw her outside of the platform in one smooth motion.

I could hear gasps in the crowd as this happened.

I wasn't exactly too sure what just happened but it seemed like a big deal. 

The girl didn't look happy as she stood up and walked over to the benches.

The tailed boy also got off of the stage and walked over too.

Although the fight sort of made sense when being observed with regular vision, watching the fight play out with gravitational waves made absolutelyno sense.

Both fighters were not heavy or dense enough to completely ignore attacks like they did.

Is this a bug in the simulation code?

Maybe I should report it to the devs later.

But then again, this world looks like it has something like magic in it given how Mikay made my shoes today morning so maybe it's not a bug in the simulation code but just a clever application of whatever magic they have.

I have heard that fantasy worlds are popular simulation destinations within a certain group of people, so, a simulated world with magic doesn't seem that out there.

First, it's karma and now magic. 

This world is getting less and less realistic by the minute. 

I notice the pointy-eared girl sitting down near me. 

There was another girl between us. 

The girl beside me and the pointy-eared girl seemed to know each other and they began chatting.

I couldn't help but to eavesdrop a bit.

"That was unfortunate. Who would have thought you'd meet Leon in your first round."

"Tell me about it, I thought I got him too."

"What happened out there sis?"

"I started out with observe and strengthen active and I saw that he had two instances of strengthen active. He didn't activate another instance of strengthen no matter what I did so I thought he couldn't"

"So you switched over to two instances of strengthen too, right."

"Exactly, I thought I had it in the bags when I grabbed his hand and started pushing him back but he surprised me at the end by activating his third instance of strengthen."

"Well, you tried your best sis, but Leon is just too strong."

"Melody, you're getting it all wrong, a failure is a failure even if you've tried your best or not."

"S-sorry..."

"In the real world, trying your best won't do you any good if you still fail at the end."

"Yes..."

"Anyways, looks like the next round is about to start. See if you're up this round."

"Y-yes!"

The two stopped their chatter just as Ethan began shouting again.

"Good work to our round 1 contestants, now, would colours orange, gray, green and black please come up."

I looked down at my card to double-check.

On it was a green dot.

I guess that meant it's my turn.

I got up and walked over to Ethan as did 7 other students around me.

We formed a line and Ethan had a short chat with each of us before telling us which platform we should go to.

Of course, I positioned myself at the end of the line. 

"Glad to see you again," Ethan said to me as it got to my turn to speak to him.

I still would rather not be here right now but repeating myself was rather pointless since I'm here already, so instead, I responded with a sigh.

He pointed towards a platform and told me

"you're on that platform this round."

"Oh," I replied in an unenthusiastic tone and made my way over to the platform.

Once I was standing on the platform, Ethan called out in the same way he did in the last round:

"Begin when ready!" 

I look towards my opponent after Ethan's callout.

he was a short person, looks to be the male variant of his species.

He was rather muscular and carried around quite a bit of fat. 

Another rather... 'interesting' fashion statement. 

He eyed me up and down just as I did to him before he spoke out. 

"My name is Adrian, yours?"

"I think I'm supposed to answer Phanna."

"Well Phanna, I'm not one to start a fight with a woman so I'll let you strike first."

"Um... what?"

"You heard me, bring it."

I guess I looked like a female variant of my species to this guy.

But I wasn't really concerned, I was just given the freedom of initiating the fight on my terms.

That means I should make the most of this situation and find a way to end it as fast as possible.

I was pretty sure no real harm could come to me so I should focus on trying to end this tutorial as fast as I can. 

I guess there's only one reasonable thing to do then.

I got down low and took a running stance.

Adrian responded by taking up some kind of fighting stance as well. 

I then engaged the tendons that ran from my hips to my foot and both my legs tensed up.

Using the tension in my hip to foot tendon, aided by my leg muscles, I rocketed towards Adrian with several gs of acceleration before readying myself for a flying kick.

Yet somehow, Adrian seemed to have been able to respond in time and shifted his arms into a defensive posture covering his face with crossed arms.

Just as I had hoped.

I kicked into his blocking arms and the resulting impact sent shockwaves reverberating through my body but this, too, was all a part of the plan.

My upper body continued flying forwards carried by momentum.

Because of Adrian's defence, my entire body started rolling forwards.

I flew over Adrian's body as I rolled my body into a ball to increase my spin.

All that's left to do is to follow my ballistic trajectory towards my goal. 

Just as I was about to hit the ground, the ground dropped down by about half a meter.

That was my signal that I was no longer on the platform.

I then extended my body again and landed gracefully on the springs created by my modified legs.

My Hip-to-foot tendon effortlessly absorbed the force of the landing and I turned around to face an Adrian frantically turning around predicting a second attack that never came.

I stood there, off of the platform feeling quite glad I still had enough parkour muscle memory left in me to pull this stunt off.

"Hmm, I seem to have overshot the landing," I said nonchalantly. 

"What?!" Adrian yelled angrily.

"Congrats, you win," I replied.

But Adrian didn't seem happy at the result.

He seemed angry, really angry.

But he couldn't do anything, the match was over.

Yet he continued yelling.

"Are you seriously going to just end this without using a single ability?"

I did make use of my Parkour abilities but I doubt that was what he was talking about. 

I have heard Mikay mention something about abilities before but I didn't pay much attention to it. 

I had a feeling that that was what Adrian was referring to but I had no idea what it was.

"Never had a chance" I replied as I walked towards the benches.

I could feel Adrian's angry expression against the blurry fuzz of the cosmic background audio as I left the platform.

Before me was a crowd of disapproving looking faces as I approached the benches.

Naturally, I was the first one to return to the benches.

I returned to the seat where I was before the fight.

The reception was unwelcoming.

I noticed a large number of the prospective students glaring at me as if I had just breached some end-user licence agreement or something.

Adrian also returned to the benches and shortly after, I started hearing a fair bit of whispering around his general area.

Soon enough, someone started whispering to me too.

It was the girl sitting beside me named Melody whose conversation I was eavesdropping on earlier.

"Um, if it's ok to ask but, why did you do that?" she whispered.

"Do what?" I whispered back.

"You know, the whole stunt with jumping over Adrian."

"Oh, I just thought it was a good way to end the match quickly."

"Why though?"

"Why not?"

"Because it doesn't show the teachers your drive or aptitude at all."

"I mean, I kinda got forced into this exam. So this is my way of leaving without actually leaving."

"That's... insane..."

Melody seemed rather shocked at what I said before continuing.

"What about all the prep work?"

"What prep work? Mikay over there just told me he signed me up for some exam one day and forced me to come." I whispered while gesturing to Mikay by the group of teachers whose names I didn't remember.

"M-Master Mikay signed you up?" 

Melody was shocked.

I could hear a few gasps around me as I whispered this.

Clearly, I wasn't the only one doing eavesdropping in this crowd. 

Melody regained composure shortly after.

"What's your name if I may ask? My name is Melody."

"Mikay decided that my name is Phanna now so I guess that's what my answer is."

Again, the people around me were very surprised.

I feel like any time I mention Mikay, the crowd gets shocked.

"Phanna, what is your relationship with Mikay?" Melody asked.

She had quite a serious look in her eyes.

I knew that I had no choice but to answer.

But I had never thought about this before.

Quest giver? NPC Companion? Handler? none of these answers could be given without the risk of triggering the emergency simulation abort system. 

How do I answer this question? I guess I only have one answer to give...

"I don't really know. I woke up in his home not too long ago and have been living there since. he askedme to help him save his daughter or something and made me come to this exam. What kind of relationship that's called is beyond me." I answered. 

But this answer just caused more shock and confusion among the people around me. 

It was around this time that Ethan's voice boomed once more as everyone shifted their attention back to him.

"Good work to our round 2 contestants, now, would colours purple, cyan, pink and brown please come up."

Ethan's call reverberated against the school building behind us.

8 students got up from the benches area and made their way to line up before Ethan.

Melody was one of those 8.

She was nervous, very nervous, to the point where I could feel her uneasiness as she departed my side.

## <center>...<center>

<center><a href="./dJTdszpJ">Next Chapter</a></center>
