# Chapter 1: Match Made Across Quantum SpaceTime

"Thanks for holding down the fort, Pillow" I said as I awaken from my nap. 

"Still nothing?" I asked as if expecting a reply but who am I kidding, Pillow's a slime blob. It can't possibly reply. 

Though that may be the case, having it on watch is still a good idea since it'll be sure to make a ruckus if someone did show up. 

Or so I had thought as I looked over to the aquarium that Pillow normally hangs around in only to find a slender person sleeping there. 

A few days earlier, I had the aquarium drained and performed the summoning preperations as I had a few times before.

I inscribed a summoning circle on it and set up the summoning chant as wsll.

Well only sorta the same as before. I had no idea how well this'll work this time around since it isn't normallydone in an aquarium ever.

But the last person summoned seemed to have mentioned something about vaccination or quainteen before he died so I'm completely in the unknown this time around. 

I thought I'd at least set up a sort of safe zone for the summoned this time around. Maybe it'll boost the odds of survival. 

That's why I had no idea how long the summoning ritual will last for or even if it'll resolve or not. 

But to my supprise, it worked like normal. Nothing's too out of the ordinary... only that this one doesn't seem quite as human... or even demi-human for that matter.

This one's got long elf like ears where you'd normally expect to find ears as well as another set of fox like ears on top.

This is the first time I've ever seen such a strange setup in any human or demi-humans ever.

...

After inspecting the summoned for a while, I turned around and looked over to Pillow who's lazing around as usual. 

"Hey Pillow~ Did you know? someone's invaded your room? Why didn't you tell me about it~?" I asked Pillow playfully.

Of course no response as usual, though I did get a jiggle out of it when I called it's name.

Thinking about it, I haven't really fed Pillow in a few days now so maybe it's just low on energy? But aren't you only supposed to feed slimes once a week?

Maybe a bit of food will help it out. 

Thinking this, I picked up Pillow and placed it inside a glass garbage bin.

"Eat up Pillow."

In a short while Pillow's exterior changed from smooth and silky to slimy and sticky. 

Things it touched got pulled into it's body and pretty soon, all the trash in the bin got consumed and Pillow returned to it's original smooth and silky state.

I lifted Pillow out of the trash bin and caught sight of the summoned sitting up inside the aquarium.

I walked over to the aquarium making sure to make my presence known hoping to avoid accidentally become a "jump scare" as one of the previous summoned mentioned. 

"Hello, My name's Mickay, how are you feeling?" I asked.

The summoned looked over sleepily and mumbled something  "name? Mickay? I guess we're in that kind of simulation now."

"Simulation?" I asked as a thought rolled across my mind.

This is the most uncooperative person I've ever summoned. 

I guess it's to be expected. After all, who does summoning procedures in an aquarium. 

"I don't know what this simulation you speak of is but I can assure you that we're not whatever this simulation thing you think we are."

"Oh you herd that? You're not supposed to hear it. Just forget it ok?"

The summoned then made an extremely dismissive hand gesture at me.

I guess I'll play along. I've got nothing to lose anyways. 

I noticed that the summoned is looking intently at Pillow

No matter I can maybe talk this out but just as I was planning on saying something, the summoned made another comment completely out of the blue

"Hey, yow who is named mickay, I'm about to say some really weird stuff. please ignore them ok?"

"o-ok..."

What came next was indeed the weirdest comments I've ever seen someone make. It's as if the summened is whispering orders to some invisable entity.

"user address location"

...

"root address location"

...

"root ping"

...

"root initiate thought boost 10 and initiate debug"

and then the summoned fell over in the aquarium

"Hay are you ok in there."

"User A244XZ4305PHAN4 is currently in stasis. Please wait for user to exit stasis"

this reply sounded extremely artificial

It's as if the summoned was posessed. 

what could have caused this.

did the summoning ritual in the aquarium end in failure? 

is it back to square one?

but what can I change?

maybe more P-Particles?

but before I could really follow the line of thought any further, the summoned sat up again this time seeming much more alert than the last.

"You who address yourself as Mickay. I don't know who you are or what you've done but you seem to have done the impossible. Whatever you did, you need to tell me everything about it cuz from the looks of it, new discoveries are waiting to be made."

Perfect! now I have a bargaining chip

"So what do you want to know about?"

"Everything"

Something changed. I can feel it. I don't know what but something must have happened during the short time the summoned fell over. 

Either way, I'll need to make the most out of this situation

I made a motion with my body as if to think over the request and then responded

"I'm willing to do that but I don't exactly benifit from this. How about we make a deal, I'll tell you everything I know but in return, you'll need to help me with recovering my daughter. how about it?"

"deal"

well that was faster than expected. 

I thought I'd get questioned a lot more before I get any responce. 

"You're not... know what whatever. Anyways, before I begin, I'm gonna need to know a bit about you so I know where to even start; oh and a name I can call you by would be helpful"

"Name... now that's a concept I haven't herd of for a long time. My universal identification string is 'A244XZ4305PHAN4'. But PHAN4 doesn't produce any ID collisions so most people address me by that within my district."

"That's a mouthful. How do you and your people communicate efficiently?"

"Well normally we just use the smallest set of characters that wouldn't produce a collision. So between just us, I'd be 4 and you'd be Kay. If you were Kay4 then I'd be N4 and..." 
 
"Hold on, hold on, hold on..."

"Hmm?"

"Whatever your culture does is interesting and all but I just needed to know how to address you."

"Probably just 4 then" said 4 with a shrug

"That'd make things inconvenient."

4 shrugged again...

"No no this won't do, I can't call you that in front of everyone else."

"I haven't had a problem with it yet"

"I know, that's the scary part..."

"You knew?"

"Well if you have proplems with it, the system clearly wouldn't have stuck around for too long"

"Oh. you're mistaken. People do have problems with it in other places. But..."

"heh?!"

"Well you're one of those degenerate who don't understand the elegance of the Reduction Protocol so I gotta school you a little"

"Degenerate? Reduction Protocol? School?"

"err... um... ok never mind, don't worry about it."

4 made a strange face. Probably expected a different response. 

"Anyways, if you want me to have a proper 'name', you're gonna have to think of one yourself. I'm perfectly content with PHAN4"

"PHAN4... What about Phanna? Are you ok with the name Phanna?"

"I don't care. I'm not gonna be be addressing myself, you're the one using it so as long as you like it, I don't really care"

"I'll take that as a yes then. Starting today, you'll be known as Phanna!"

"Sure sure."

Phanna shrugged once again and this time, the shrug is acompanied by an eye roll. 

Then Phanna's  expression shortly changed

"Yo! I was just informed of the fact that the Oxygen level has dropped by .33% is this glass container air tight?"

"Oxygen? Air tight?"

"Are you kidding me? If this continues, I'll pass out before the end of the day and probably die the next day! I mean I can break this glass as it seems weak but why the heck would you do this?"

"Wait what? The whole point of this box is to keep you from dying. What do you mean it's going to kill you?"

"Do you really not understand what oxygen is?! what the heck? What era is this. I feel like it's some primitive pre space age era if you don't even know what Oxygen is"

"I'm really sorry but I truly don't understand at all. I'm willing to listen and learn however. One of my Innate Abilities is 'Philosopher' allowing me to understand things beyond what's normally possiable."

"Right right. Anyways, User change state Communicative Stasis"

With that Phanna fell over again much like the first time

Again I panicked

"Phanna?!"

"Calm down Mikay, I'm just in stasis, nothing to worry about."

"W-what's stasis"

 "Well it means a lot of things but for me, it just means I shut off most body functions to conserve energy, I should be able to remain concious for 2-3 times longer in stasis."

"R-Right... so what you said earlier, are you able to explain?"

"My user command?"

"That too but I'm reffering to the thing said before, this whole Oxygen thing."

"Alright listen up, Oxygen is a major component of the process most living creatures used to make energy to do just about everything."

"What about-"

"food and water is the other components. like all resources they're limited and once they run out, total collapse is imminent" 

"Right... I was curious why all humanoids did this whole breathing thing."

Phanna may have made a gesture of disbelief at least that's the feeling I got from the lack of an immediate responds. 

I'm not exactly sure why I'm lucky at this point or incredibly unlucky to have summoned Phanna.