# Chapter 6

Mikay and the other judges made their way to the side of the field as Ethan just kind of stood there saluting the judgeing team.

well knowing what I know, Ethan's not really saluting to the judges but rather just to Mikay.

"This Mikay is kinda a big deal around here I guess" I sighed

Someone sitting beside me herd my comment and leaned in.

This person seems to be a female of their species.

"You don't know who Mikay is?"

"No I know who Mikay is. I just didn't think they're some big deal."

"Hun? didn't you fly in with him?"

"Ya. I didn't even give consent to flying. this is harassment I tell you." 

"Sound serious, but Mikay's a really big deal here. So why where you flying with Mikay?"

"Uhhh... Mikay really wanted me to attend this stupid test thing and I really didn't want to but you can't really say no to someone who can summon tornados on a whim"

"Oh I know that feeling. I was adamantly against attending myself as well since I know I have no chance of beind admited but my sistes forced me to come. By the way I'm Melody, what's your name"

"Name... I guess I go by Phanna now..."

"Well nice to meet you Phanna. I'm an elf. you don't seem like you're from any tribe I recognize. You're like half way between an elf and a foxen."

"Foxen?"

"Oh foxen are demi humans with fox like features"

"Intresting... do all cultures here have such strict divisions"

"Hmm?"

"From where I'm from, all rational entities capable with conversing with at least 3 other human species is considered human since there's too many variations to classify. That means where I'm from, I'm just a human. no other denomination."

"Oh wow that sounds really nice but also really confusing."

"Ya it's got it's ups and downs."

Melody leaned back and faced Ethan again and I followed suit doing the same.

"As stated earlier, this competition is used to determine individual's aptitued and drive. as such this is not like normal fights you may have experianced. the goal isn't to kill but to expel your opponent from the platform you both stand on as we want all perspective students to be in good health when attending classes a month later. Now then lets draw our pairings. would all perspective students please line up to draw your bracket."

Ethan pulled out a deck of cards from his pocket. 

Many of the perspective students started making their way over to Ethan.

I reluctantly did the same 

I ended up drawing a card with 12 dark green dots on it.

If I had to guess, it means that reading and numeracy is a rare skill for people to have. 

Expected for a culture of this age if the simulations are to be believed. 

Speaking of. why do I understand everyone here. there's no reason that that should be the case if I was summoned randomly from across space-time...

But Mikay did say something about language matching as a part of the ritual... maybe the ritual installed a language pack while summoning me.

"user index installed languages"

_$ 122XJ049RC88OH91_

that's odd I only have 1 language installed... 

I guess I'll have to ask Mikay about it later. 

"Will numbers 12, 11, 1 and 2 please make your way to the platforms." Ethan broadcasted over the students. 

Is it considered lucky or unlucky to compete in the opening round?

Meh it doesn't really matter.

Maybe I should just forfit i really don't see any point in all of this

needless to say I didn't really listen to much of the speech Ethan gave earlier. 

I made my way up towards the stage and found myself looking a highly muscular man who's also got quite a bit of excess body fat on him too. 

He's noticeably shorter than me

"Hey you know this place is no place for girls like yourself" said the man looking up at me clearly trying to provoke me. 

I could brush it off as some primitive idiot who doesn't know any better but today's not that day. 

I was misstreated earlier and even awoken from my beauty sleep. 

This guy seems to be asking for an ass kicking and I have plenty to hand out.

"Oh? And what's a shortie like you going to do to me."

"Hehe that's the spirit I wanna see. I'd hate to injure a poor defenseless little girl"

This guy needs to be put into his place...

I responded with a smerk 

"User load experience showmanship-combat" I announced

_$ loading experience 25%_
_$ loading experience 50%_
_$ loading experience 75%_
_$ experience loaded_

"You what?"

The short man seem to be truly confused but I heed him no mind as I took up my innitiatial stance.

All the movements I mad had this flow to it as if it was well practiced.

but in reality I probably downloaded the entire showmanship experience pack on a whim who knows when.

At lease it's being useful now I guess

The way may body move was almost like it was automatically moving surprising even me though I made sure to not let it show. 

Thought whether I wanted to show surprise or not isn't really a valid concern in this case as the experiance pack also put a pretty big smile on my face.

Using experiances that I did not manually acquire is quite the experiance every time. 

My concious mind has no idea what's happening or what's going to happen and all I can do is trust in the experience pack's muscle memories.

But usually after a few uses, I'd start to get a feel for things. 

The short man in front of me took his stance as well noticing that I've taken up mine.

"That's a rather unorthodoxed stance you got there missy"

"Is that so? I didn't know there's a right or a wrong way to fight."

The short man replied with a chuckle.

"All contestants ready yourselves" Ethan. whom I've mostly forgotten about, yelled.

"Begin!"

At Ethan's call out I engaged the tendon tensioning mechanism in back of my lower pelvic regien.

I then bent my knees and lifted myself onto my toes to stand like a Kangaroo and had my entire body weight supported by the stretchy tendons in my legs. 

At this point my legs acted like springs making jumping easier and also giving me much stronger kicks.

my opposition was understandably cautious of me as his way towards me.

He wouned up a punch

I wound up a kick.

He threw a punch at me.

I side stepped it and returned a kick. 

Clean hit. 

But he didn't move.

It seems like he didn't even get hit at all.

"Hey missy. you do know we're supposed to fight with our abilities right?"

"Hun?"

Before I knew it, my body had moved by itself jumping back and avoided another punch.

"user initiate wave receivers cache"

this guy's got to be extremely heavy if a kick like that didn't move him at all

_$ Wave receivers initialized_

Suddenly, I could feed a fuzz all around me seemingly infinitely far away.

disturbances in the fuzz was everywhere 

ignoring it all, I focused my attention onto the man infront of me.

he once again made his approach.

3 meters

2 meters 

85.73 kg

Impossible!

punch.

Evaded.

punch again.

Evaded again.

Taking a hit could be lethal.

There was no time to load another experience pack. 

Every second is precious.

"user initiate thought boost 10"

_$ Migrating user consciousness to digital substrate_
_$ Boosting substrate speed 1000%_

As soon as the process complete, my contiousness was accelerated by 10 times or 1000 percent if you will.

The world around me slowed to a crawl. 

But still, this really isn't Ideal. 

The man's weight is way too light to be able to carelessly shrug off my kick.

Wait isn't the goal to ring out the opponent?

I should have loaded something else...

Maybe I can catch one of his punches and throw him over the edge.

fortunately I'm close the edge already.

Then again if I fail... well if I do there probably isn't much of an issue. 

I wanted to surrender in the beginning anyways.

what I'm most worried about is if I end up taking a hit a lethal hit.

I don't exactly feel safe leaving that up to Mikay and Ethan...

Oh the irony... so close to a new discovery...

I guess it's probably best to surrender in that case. 

At least I'll have the highest chance of living.

I guess that's the plan then. 

on his next attack, make the same jump back and land outside the stage and ending the match. 

_user disengage thought boost_

_$ Migrating user consciousness to organic substrate_

"Do you really not plan on using a single ability?"

The short man infront of me had an extremely disgusted look on his face.

"Do you actually think you can win without using any ability? how arrogent can you be?" He continued.

"Look I don't know what your ability magic is. I just got here like a couple days ago I don't even want to be here right now."

The look on the short man became disgusted and confused.

He made his approach again but this time much faster. 

Maybe I would have a chance to throw him if he's got this much momentum.

As he made his approach, he wound up another punch.

I knelt down.

An unexpected kick from his other side.

I'm caught!

but my instincts said no

I released one of the springs in my foot that matched the side of the kick

twisted my upper body

cleared the incoming kick hijump style 

the jump gave me a horizontal spin.

I still have my other spring loaded leg ready.

then came the punch.

I was in mid air.

I'm caught for real this time I thought

but my instincts said no again

I brought my out reached leg and arms in wards increasing my spin.

as I spun, I used the other spring-loaded to kick the floor when my spin made that possible.

I gained more air narrowly clearing the punch.

but I also gained more spin.

I was spinning out of control now

or so I had thought

my spin seemed to have lined up with the punch.

I somehow managed to grab his out reached punching arm mid spin.

the short man was caught off guard

with the grab, I transferred my angular momentum into forward momentum for the short mans arm. 

Caught off guard, the short man stepped forward a couple steps.

I managed to use my spin and my what's left of my upwards momentum from my kick earlier to jump over him.

I landed on my feet back toward the short man

the short man was just about to find his footing

I can feel his figure clear against the fuzz of the cosmic background audio

taking this chance I performed a spinning low sweep.

He once again lost his footing at my sweep

in his unstable footing I tackled him from behind.

the tackle added enough momentum onto him and pushed him off the platform.

The short man faceplanted into the ground just below

somehow I managed to remain on my feet after the tackle with one foot on the edge of platform.

Of course the showmanship experience pack ensure I had an elegant landing pose.

honestly I was probably either cool or elegant through it all. 

I thought I would gloat a bit however.

"seems like someone's ability isn't what it was made out to be."

The crwoud was oddly silent. 

the usual buzz that was around earlier somehow dissapeared. 

it turned out that for some reason we were the last ones to complete our fight. 

Was the other 3 match ups that one sided?

I wasn't exactly sure since when i enable my gravatation wave receivers, everyone else's fights were still going. 

The most likely explnanation was that we all finished around the same time and we were the last to complete. 

"Put your hands together for the winner for group 12: Phanna" Ethan called out from the position he stood.

I wasn't exactly sure if this was a big deal or not but the entire croud gave me a quite the apluase. 

The short man got up from the ground and made a disgusted look at me.

"I know what you did. Dont think it'll work a second time"

"Oh is that so? cuz i'm not even sure what i did"

Ok that was half a lie.

It's true i dont exactly know what I did in details but i do understand the overall gist of what happend.

Experiance packs are quite intresting in this way. 

it provides all the experiance in the form of muscle memory and instinc but omits almost all of the declrative memory. 

It's like having amnisia and discovering that i'm actually a world class fighter. 

Honestly it's been such a long time since I last experianced this i dont even remember what a werid feeling of trusting some memory that i can dont have is. 

The short man got up gave me a dirty look and walked away. 

I took a look around the platforms and it seems that everyone else is off the stage already. 

it looked like that short man was making his way over to the seats. 

I got off the stage and followed suite making sure to stay a bit behind him since my instincs are telling me to stay away from him.

of course I felt safer with my experiance pack loaded though this particular one is probably not going to be useful anymore if round 1 is as challengening as this.

Honestly I dont really think I stand a chance if the rest of the fighters are going to be even tougher than this short man. 

Maybe i should start thinking up a backup. 

I wonder if i have any bacteria that produce weak neurotoxins. 

If i physical attacks wont work maybe chemical warfare would produce better results... 

It almost made me wish i didn't quarenteen the viruses and bacteria inside me that would have been invasive to this world. 

Though.... Ethan and Mikay are now carriers of whatever they contracted from me...

But consider they only got a mild fever that went away quickly, it's probably not going to be that big of an issue.... right?

I hope...

I arrived at the chairs again and sat myself down again.

Fortunately, the short man i faught earlier wasn't sitting aywhere close to me

My instincts are telling me that it's more or less safe now and i finaly felt i can safely unload my experiance pack and disengage my gravitational wave receivers. 

"User unload experience showmanship-combat and cease wave receivers"

_$ Unloading experience  25%_
_$ Unloading experience  50%_
_$ Unloading experience  75%_
_$ Unloading experience  100%_
_$  Freeing resources_
_$ Wave receivers stopped_

As the commands resolves, I can feel my body posture return to it's original state.

God i should consider correcting for it in the future. 

The fuzzy feeling that resulted from the Cosmological Background Audio has also receded from my contiousness as well as the various distrubances that are around me.

It seems that the judges are deliberating amongst themselves about the match that just finished and Ethan seems to be with them as well.

While that's happening i noticed the same elf girl as before leaning in to chat with me

Are the seats assigned? why did i end up sitting here again?

there's another person sitting on the other side of me who leaned in as well trying to chat with me. 

In fact everyone around me seemed to be intrested in talking to me.

"Hey Phanna. What you did just now  was really cool!" said Melody. 

"Beating the short man?" I asked in response.

"Ya. He's a sort of well known dwarf around here. How did you do it. What abilities did you use? what abilities did he use?" Melody elaborated.

"If what you mean by ability is the magic will enforcement thing that everyone is raving about then the only thing I could say is I didn't use any." I said shruging. "That's why i cant really tell you wath abilities he used or how they were used."

"Whaaa how did you win against Adrian if you didn't have any abilities to use? He's like super strong." pouted Melody

"i...."

Is t even worth explaining my bio-digital interface systems?

It'd probably take too long if i wanted to fully explain it and if i didn't, they probably wouldn't even understand it at all. 

Honestly i'm not really sure if there's any elegant way around this.... 

"Um i think i got lucky haha...."

As unsatisfying as that answer is, it's not entiely untrue. 

At least the experience of letting the experience pack's muscule memory do all the fighting and hard work did end up feeling like that.

"That's a lie..." pouted Melody again

"Nah it's a reasonable answer" said someone from infront of her who didn't even bother to turn around and look towards us like everyone else

Melody seemed to have gone quiet, her playful attitued quickly went away

This was probably the sister she mentioned earlier

"You see, this is a very important compitition, it's understandable that someone like Phanna wouldn't want to give away his secrets this early into the exams. After all we're all competing with each other."

This person seem to have completely missinterprited my intention... but i guess it does give me a good reason to not elaboate further so i guess i'll just play along

"It seems like i've been read like a book." i shruged.

"Is that so? By the way i'm Amanda. Hope we get to face each other in the future"

Amada turned towards me near the end of her introduction and gave me a quick glance

One look at her eyes tell me she's dangerous and is here for blood. 

I really hope i dont end up facing her...

"Oh hehe nice to meet you Amanda. Hope we get to face off against each other too..."

Nerviousness... now that's a feeling i haven't felt in ages...
