# Chapter 7

Before I knew it then next round started. 

"Would colors Red, Green, Yellow and Pink please make your way to the platforms!"

I double-checked my card with the call out Ethan made.

12 dark green dots are on my card.

I guess that means me.

I stood up and made my way to one of the platforms.

As I stool up, I noticed that Melody also stood up and seemed to be following behind me.

Then we got onto the same stage...

"I guess you're my opponent this round" said Melody with a look of determination.

Does she think I'm some kind of monster?

"Seems like it..." I answered with much disinterest in my voice before continuing to load an experience pack

Judging from the previous match, being showy isn't really an option when every hit could potentially be lethal... or at least appeared to be.

My only choice in this fight is to attack relentlessly and not give my opponent an opening to counter attack. 

I guess that my one out at this point: my opponent still respects my attacks and will attempt to defend...

"user load experience assassin" I muttered.

_$ loading experience 25%_
_$ loading experience 50%_
_$ loading experience 75%_
_$ experience loaded_"

I took up a stance different from my initial stance from last round but some parts are similar.

My legs bent and I lifted myself onto my toes, the springy tendon contraption running through my legs where engaged just like last time as well. 

Melody took up her own stance as well. 

I didn't really recognize it but my experience pack seemed to have recognized it and my body adjusted my starting stance a small bit.

If it wasn't my body, I probably wouldn't have recognized this shift. 

"Begin!" Ethan called out.

As Ethan made the callout, I immediately took to action and went on the offensive.

I quickly closed the distance with a flying leap.

I put some amount of spin to my leap as well.

As I approached in the air, my spin turned into a powerful kick.

Melody quickly changed to a defensive posture.

The kick landed.

Melody took a step back determined not to get knocked over.

Both her hands were on preoccupied with my kicking leg. 

I slapped at her eyes with my palm while releasing my kick.

She closed her eyes and turned her head to the side to avoid my slap.

perfect!

my slap became a diagonal chop landing onto her neck.

"Ahh!"

Melody let out a cry of agony.

I grabbed hold of her neck as I fell to the ground.

She didn't budge much at my tug.

Unsurprising.

I turned my fall into a swinging motion and swung myself behind her using her as a pole.

She tried to shake me off during my swing to no avail. 

I landed behind her.

She made an attempt to turn around.

I kicked her in the back as in the middle her turn.

not much of a budge again. 

"Ah!"

but she did let out another yelp

She took a step forward to steady herself.

Her turn was stopped.

I shifted myself behind her again.

She seem to have noticed and tried to turned her head. 

That only leaves her rear end open.

I chopped hard into the back of her neck again.

I bent my knees further as I chopped building up tension in my spring like legs.

"Ahhh!"

Melody yelped again.

As she yelped, I laxed the muscles in my leg and let the springs that my legs are now propeld me into a high jump into the air.

Melody is still trying to find her bearings and me as she turned around and looked frantically.

I was already a couple body heights in the air by now with substantial forwards roll.

I began my downward fall as Melody finally looked up.

She made an attempt to brace for the impact.

but it was too little too late.

I drove my heel into her with the force of my fall and forward roll

Or so I had thought

From out of nowhere, Ethan showed up.

How did he get so close?

Did I just not notice?

My heel landed in his out stretched hand but his hand didn't budge.

I delivered the entire kick to his hand.

Nothing happened.

His hand just stood there and held my foot.

My other foot landed on the ground.

"Phanna... what are you thinking?"

He looked at me funny then announced loudly.

"Phanna has been given a round 2 loss for attempting to use deadly force."

the group sitting in the seating area seems to be murmuring but I didn't care.

I gave Ethan an odd look as well before speaking up.

"Right, and what were you doing when the short guy earlier was attacking me with lethal force?"

"Adrian wasn't using lethal force..."

"What do you mean not lethal every hit could have killed me"

"And you know that because?"

"I..."

Now that I think about it, the only thing that made it all feel threatening was the combination of how fast he was moving along with how heavy he must have been in order to not even budge at my kicks.

My instincts from my experience pack was very sure any hit would have easily pierced right through me but I really didn't take a single hit...

Not only that, my Wave Receivers confirmed his actual weight so trying to explain this probably wouldn't fly...

If he really had been the weight that my Wave Receivers deteceed then it'd be true none of his hits would have been lethal...

Even still... I had my doubts...

However I did push him off the platform...

"Look Phnna, I don't know what you've been through but I can assure you that if lethal force is used on you, I will interviene just like I did right now for Melody. Please trust us."

I looked away from Ethan and disengaged my leg spring mechnism and returning myself to a more human standing position.

"Fine..." I replied hesitantly. 

Ethan made his way to the center of the platforms and I can see the 3 other pairs fight.

"User unload experience assasin"

As my digital substrait unloaded the experiance, I took a look at the other fighters.

There isn't really any technique to their movements.

All of them left wide openings for counter attack in their movements.

Those openings weren't covered up by rapid movements or by good defensive posture. 

It seemed more like they were just trying to push each other off the stage in some crud approximation of a mix between Sumo Wrestling and Boxing except with more unnecessary movements, bad form and way too high of a center of gravity.

I noticed that Melody has already made her way off the stage and is well on her way over to the seating area.

She seemed eager to leave the platform.

I guess I sould be on my way too.

I jumped off the platform and made my way over to the seating area again.

There was a commotion around the area I was seated before so I really wanted to avoid them if I can but someone in the crowd motioned for me to take a seat by the crowd which is why I decided why not.

"You caught some pretty big air there Phanna. what Kind of ability was that?"

"Ya! you're way out of my observation range so I'm really curious at what you did"

"Melody insisted that she didn't feel any abilities activate when she faught you. but that's just impossiable with how high you jumped."

The questions just kept coming and coming one after another as soon as I started to sit down. 

Melody seemed to be seated somewhere a few chairs down and is talking to Amanda. 

"Look. I have no idea what this ability thing you're talking about is but I don't have any of it. In fact I don't even want to be here right now but I got dragged out here to do this stupid fight. As for jumping height, that's just a body modification I got during my parkour phase earlier in life."

"Parkour?"

uhhh... I'm really stuck with how to explain thinge to these people.

"Parkour just about running around and looking cool while doing it."

Or stupid if you ask some people but I'll just leave that part out because I thought it was cool and that's all that matters.

The crowd didn't seem to like my answer however and pressed me further.

I tried my best to answer the questions but I soon realized that there's little hope for actually communicating anything because of the limited knowledge these people have, I gave up trying to explain myself and just told them that I have special abilities that Mikay gave me.

They seem to find that explnanation easier to stomach. 

Melody and Amanda seems to be talking about something something in the side and didn't really participate in the conversation as much. 

However they both seems really intrested but are actively keeping their distance.

The way they act and look at me kind of reminds me of the rival characters I'd seen or read about in fiction. 

I guess that wouldn't be too far off...

However I need to find a way to deal with the next round.

Clearly, the assassin experiance pack isn't really going to cut it. 

That said, why am I even bothering with this... maybe I should just forfit my future matches and just go home, it's not like I have anything to gain from this whole thing do I?

Oh right, Mikay did say he'd epxlain the whole Ability business if I make it though so I might as well give it a shot.

If only I was venomous, then I can probably just inject some paralizing toxins and then just kick the other guy off the platform...

I let out a sigh.

...

...

Actually... 

Maybe I can...

"user cache qb as list from quarenteed bacteria"
"user cache tf as function accept item, return item's excriments includes neurotoxin"
"user cache tx as filter on qb using tf"
