# Chapter 8

Luckily for me, I had a lot of time between when I stared culturing the bacteria and when my next match seemed to be.

Melody is currently on one of the platform fighting the short man I faced in round 1.

I think his name was Adrian or something.

Melody didn't seem to be having more success with attacking Adrian than I did but she at least made him budge.

That was something I couldn't manage without surprising him and knocking him off ballence.

Honestly, out of all the contestants he seemed to have the best stance and form as well as footing.

Had I been that unlucky to have ran into a tournament favorite in round 1?

Does that mean that I am the upstart underdog?

That'd explain why I'm suddenly so popular after round 1.

I really didn't talk to anyone much before the matches started and so I just assumed I was popular because Mikay flew me in. 

Maybe the true explanation might be a mix of both probably.

Melody and Adrian where still going at each other. 

Melody is very clearly using the makeshift Sumo-Boxing style that seems really ineffective for just about everything. 

Surprisingly, she's been managing to stay on her feet for the most part. 

Adrian seemed to be using some sort of kick boxing style except with much less quick jabs and much more full arm swing punches.

Currently Adrian is sending a barage of fists at melody and slowly forcing her to back up with each sequence of hits. 

"I guess it's over"

Amanda who's sitting a couple seats down murmured.

She sighed and stood up just as Melody got pushed off the platform. 

"The winner is Adrian!" Belowed Ethan.

Adrian jumped off the platform and helped melody to her feet before walking towards the seating area where we are right now.

I guess they're on pretty decent terms probably...

In the back of my mind, I made a joke about them finding comrodery in having faught me but whatever. 

"Would contestants Square, Circle, Octogon and Pentagon please make your way to the platforms."

I looked at my card again and ya the dots where indeed circular. 

I stood up and started making my way to the platform and found myself in the opposition of Amanda. 

I felt nervious, like my life was in danger.

Ethan's words echoed in my head.

Could I trust him?

He did manage to sneak into the middle of my fight with Melody and caught my finishing kick...

Maybe I should put a bit of faith in him...

"I forfit!" I called out loudly.

Ya I can't place my faith in someone from a world where "lets magic your illness away" is the normal way of dealing with illnesses.

"I refuse your forfit request." Amanda called out loudly in return.

"You can't refuse a forfit!"

I jumped off of the platform and began walking to the seating area.

Or at least that's the plan.

Amanda grabbed my arm and threw me across the platform.

"Your forfit request has been denied. stay here and fight me!"

"You can't just deny a forfit."

"No! I can! Weren't you listening earlier? this isn't a contest to find a winner. it's a test of aptitude and drive. What do you think accepting a forfit would speak to in those terms? Now stand up and fight me!" She demanded in a commanding voice.

"Fine..." I said glaring back at her then continueing on with my scripts "user initiate thought boost 3"

_$ Migrating user consciousness to digital substrate_\
_$ Boosting substrate speed 300%_

_user load_experiance assassin silent_\
_user for_each toxic_culture as bacteria, move bacteria upper_front_teeth_

_user initiate wave receivers cache_

_$ Wave receivers initialized

A fuzzy feeling surrounded me like usual.

This time however, everything was slower than before.

It was entirely because of the thought boost pushing my contiousness to 3 times normal speed. 

I couldn't exactly afford to take a major hit or two here.

especially with how unreliable their health system seemed to be and how unready my immune system is in dealing with the pathogens of this land.

normally I can regrow a limb or two and even most major internal damage is no problem over a long enough time.

but with how many unknow pathogens here and the general lack of sanitation, it's likely I'll die from an infection if I receive a big enough wound in the wrong place. 

Though having to worry about not dying is a rather refreshing and novel experiance so I guess it's not all bad.

it's why I intended to to use every tool at my disposal to survive this.

Assassin is probably my strongest experiance pack

It prioritizes getting behind a opposition and attacking the target's undefended back side if I recall correctly. 

I could always just throw the match and jump out somewhere part way through but I doubt Amanda would let me off the hook if it was an obvious throw.

That said. I still didn't intend to take any hits given how unsafe that could be so faking a ring out when getting hit was off the table too.

slowly my body moved to take it's ready position. 

I looked over at Amanda who also had readied her stance too. 

There's no doubt about it, she had the same kick boxing stance that Adrian was using.

The way things looked, she was probably also one of the favorites...

"Begin" Ethan called out in slow motion.

Just like last time, I took off with a leap.

This time, I didn't even bother with a kick since I know it's not really going to result in anything.

Instead I plan on vaulting over and go directly at her back side.

As if somehow reading my intent, she stepped to her right and entirely avoided my approach.

I was in the air now, and my options are limited.

Maybe I'll just fly past her and try another approach. 

As I landed I noticed Amanda's attack against the fuzzy backdrop audio and I quickly took evasive maneuvers.

I didn't know if this was because of me or my experience pack but I back flipped over the incoming round house kick from her right leg.

As I was airborn, yet another kick came at me.

Amanda was clearly using the momentum of her prior kick to follow into another kick with her other leg. 

for the briefest moment, her back was towards me.

In any normal circumstance, that'd be the end but right now, I was in mid air and hence couldn't capitalize on it.

Right now I needed to prioritize not getting kicked.

the foot headed right for my chest.

 I was pretty much upside down in my flip currently.

before I knew it, I had my hands on her incoming foot and vaulted off her kick and landed pretty much in front of her. 

being defensive with a combat experience pack is the worst. 

I constant feel like my body is being hijacked by something else.

I didn't waste any time after landing and immediately went for another attempt at getting behind her.

this time, I need to stick to the ground in order to not be stranded mid air so I ran at her keeping low to the ground.

the plan this time is to faint an attack at her face and if she flinch I'll take that chance to get around behind her.

if not then I'll just attack relentlessly until I make the opening I need. 

just as I was about to commit to the plan, my instincts from the experience pack kicked in  telling me no and I immediately shifted my punch to a grab at her neck.

as my hit connected, I saw her hand grab at the location were my arm would have been if I followed through with my original plan.

with her neck in hand, I attempted to use my momentum to swing around behind her.

but as I swung she turned too and even attempted to grab at my arm.

to avoid it, I preempteively let go mid swing and for some reason, my body decided to kick the ground as I was about to land.

Does that mean experiance packs will even override my macro decisions even when on the offensive?!

Trusting my experience pack, was able to completely reverse my momentum and dashed around Amanda in the middle of her turn and ended up behind her. 

from here, I thought I'd just let my experience pack take over but melody made a surprising move. 

noticing that I've successfully gotten behind her, she performed a mad dash forwords to make distance.

I wouldn't let that happen and so, chased after her.

Because of her surprise movement she had decent lead over me but that was quickly being made up for.

just as I was about to catch up to her, she made yet another supprising move and attempted a backflip over me.

As she made this manuver, I noticed that she's becoming more and more transparent. 

I quickly dissmissed this and made an attempt to grabe her mid flip.

think I got something but just as quickly as I had confirmed my grab, she landed behind me.

I knew this from her silhouette against the cosmological background audio.

Knowing I'm in trouble, I let my experiance pack take over and my body quickly kicked to the side and rolled to turn over.

surprisingly Amanda didn't move or react to my evasive manuver. 

however, I couldn't see her. 

"I know all about your irregular style. You plan on getting behind me and unleashing a series of relentless attacks. You've done well to force my hand this far" she called out in slow motion. 

_user suspend thought boost_

_$ Thought boost suspended_

"I don't know what abilities you're using but it really does seem like nothing's active. Tell me Phanna, what are you really?"

How am I supposed to answer that...?

"A common cavilian?"
 
"Can you not choose a better lie? you've defeated Adrian and you're even forcing my hand."

"Are you saying you're not a civilian?"

"Are you even listening to yourself?"

"I am."

"Does anyone here look like civilians to you?"

"Ya they do."

...

"What world are you from?!" Amanda asked dumbfounded.

... 

how do I explain this...

I'm likely not even in the same observable universe anymore...

...

Maybe I can...

"I'm from the realm of knowledge. there's reason to believe our world was also created by the same being known to you as the Original One. However, unlike you people my realm was not given the fragment of god that powers your abilities. My mission here is retrieve some of this power so I may return to my world with the knowledge of gods."

the part about being of similar origin was pretty much all made up but the rest could be considered re-phrasing the truth.

Amanda was stunned for words. 

not only was she stunned for words, it seems that the whole crowd was stunned as well.

except for the other fighters, there was no other movement.

my gravitational wave receivers can confirm this as there's nothing else moving against the fuzziness of the cosmological background audio.

Unfortunately, because nothing is moving in relationship to me, nothing shows up against the cosmological background audio which means i currently actually have no idea where Amanda is.

As eveyone was stuned I looked down at the thing I was holding.

It was a piece of cloth, a piece that formerly belonged to a part of Amanda's top. 

judging from the size and toughness of it, she must have been the one that ripped it because it was way beyond my strength cieling.

she seems to be taking this whole death tournament thing quite seriously. 

I looked back over in Amanda's general direction and called out once again. 

"Hey I know that you're trying really hard. I really dont have anything to gain from continueing this fight, will you accept my forfit now?"

"How can you say that!?"

"Hun?"

"You literally have EVERYTHING to gain from continuing!"

"Explain?"

"This school here is the place where the mastery of abilities are taught. The knoweldge of god that you speak of is being taught here and you say you have nothing to gain!?"

Amanda was clearly angry that i'd continue to mention forfitting as if it was a direct insult against her.

"Well you do have a point but Mikay has already promised me an explnanation if i 'make it through this tournament' so i dont really have much to gain from attending. Afterall, my main objective right now is just to survive. continueing to fight you is making that hard."

"I refuse your forfit request!"

"Look it's really best for the both of us if i dont have to use my last resort."

"Here I come!"

Amanda was clearly not listening.

_user exit suspention_

_$ Thought boost reengaged._

Amanda came at me running.

I was near the edge of the platform.

She was moving fast which means i can feel her shape clearly against the buzz of the cosmological background audio. 

It was a simple approach with almost no regard for her own defenses.

Right I think she probably doesn't know that I know exactly where she is since she's technically invisble. 

She punched at me and I of course took advantage of her poor stance and haphazardious foot work to slip right behind her.

She may or may not have notice I can see her clearly now but i grabbed her under both armpits and dug in hard with my fingers.

"Ahhhhh haa hee!"

As my finger sunk into her arm pits, I kicked hard into the back side of her knee and she quickly went down onto one knee and no longer invisible.

I was pretty sure that kick would have dicapitated her leg but i guess humans of this world is a bit tougher...

but then again that much was for sure when i faught my previous 2 opponents.

As soon as she fell on her knees i went to put a choke hold around her neck but as soon as i released my grip on her armpits she rolled to the side.

It was the exact same roll i performed just a while back. 

she' one quick learner it seems. 

Unfortunately for for her, using my techniques against me isn't really going to be of much use. 

I made powerful stomp towards her rolling body just as her back was becoming exposed from the roll. 

It connected with the side of her waste and made a solid "thud" sound.

Her roll was stopped but she doesn't seem to mind too much. 

I had her under my foot and i quickly began to make my attempt at capitalizing on the situation.

The plan is to pin her down and press into her major arteries in her neck limiting the blood flow to her brain to cause a temporary black out then throw her off the platform during the black out. 

Of course no plan survives the encounter with the enemy.

she quickly overpowered the hold i had on her somehow and grabbed my leg. 

Just how strong are the people of this world?!

when she grabbed hold of my legs, I was pretty sure this would be the end of me. 

I made every attempt to attack her relentlessly to get her to let go but to no avail. 

In fact she wasn't respecting my attacks at all anymore and just took them head on no problem.

she then grabbed one of my arms in the mids of my attack and then threw me over her sholder like i was a bag of rice of something. 

she then walked to the edge of the platform and threw me off.

It wasn't as bad as I thought it'd be. 

No major damage, just a few bruses, this is an ending I can accept.

...

what came next was entirely my instincts from the experience pack taking over.

my arm grabbed her out stretched arm as she threw me.

using her sholder as a pivot my body landed it's legs onto the edge of the platform.

with a hold on her hand my body leaned backwords in an attempt to pull her off the platform with me.

She didn't budge. as expecte.

but she wasn't really able to attack me directly without losing balance.

she made an attempt to attack at my hand that was holding onto her wrist.

my body quickly pulled itself in towards Amanda and let go withth the holding hand and avoided the chop.

my body's momentum carried it to a point where my body was pressed against hers

I looked into her eyes as the experience pack in control of my body quickly kissed her in the lips.

wait it wasn't really a kiss.

I had her bottom lip in my mouth and I bit down hard.

all of this must have happened withing a fraction of a second since Amanda didn't react to the bite.

She did start to push me away and off the stage but my body caught her arm and used it to swing around to somewhere closer to the center of the stage.

Amanda turned to look at me as well not wanting to have her back exposed again. 

but then suddenly

"Aaaahhhhggg!"

Amanda fell to the floor in a fit of pain as her hands grabbed at her lips.

my body was no longer controlled by the experiance pack and I walked over to her.

she was screaming and kicking and generally looked like she was in inmense pain.

I carefully kicked her off the stage and my experience pack ensured there wasn't an easy way to counter attack me as I kicked.

surprisingly she didn't resist at all and she got easily flung off the stage.

Ethan walked over with an disgusted look and announced "The winner is Phanna!"

The crowd was murmuring and Ethan looked at me with much disgust one his face.

"Phanna what did you do this time?"

<center><a href="./ch-009">Next Chapter</a></center>
