# Chapter 4

Three days has passed since the first night I've invited Ethan to my home. 

To my dismay, Phanna's prediction did come true.

All three of us fell ill however what Phanna has is much worse than what either me or Ethan is experiencing. 

Though I do feel like what I caught may be comparable to Phanna's but in all likelihood, it most probably isn't.

Ethan is currently resting in the living room. 

The other day he insisted that he had to stay around to ensure Phanna's safety which is why I brought a mattress into the living room. 

My past 3 days has been none stop exhaustion trying to deal with my biggest fan living in my place

This decision turned out to be huge strain on my mind and body, probably more so than the illness. 

Well I guess Ethan's probably not actually my biggest fan, but he's about as fanatical as they get. 

I'm not exactly sure how but dispite his fanaticism towards me, Ethan has yet to leave Phanna's side ever since he first came over. 

It's quite admirable honestly.

How he's able to just abandon his post as the principal on a whim is something else that eludes entirely. 

However, I feel like if I were in his shoes in my earlier days, I probably would have done the same.

I slowly made my way out of my room to the living room to check on how Ethan's doing. 

Both of us appear to be equally sick.

"How are you holding up...?" I asked

"I'm alright, Just hanging on I guess..."

Ethan's voice sounds just as exhausted as mine but he gave me a meek smile.

Despite that, I know that he's definately not alrght. 

But I didn't press any further since that's not something I normally do.

If someone's going to say they're ok then that person probably doesn't want help.

At least that's what my experiance has taught me in the past.

Even though in Ethan's case there's a high likelyhood that he's probably just him trying not to show weakness in front of me but I cant help but to follow through on old habbits and just let him be. 

"I'm starting to think Phanna's prophecies are not to be taken lightly..." Ethan said as he paused to take a breath before continuing, "I think the last time I got this ill was when I was still a very young child..."

"Me too... Do you think Phanna will be alright...?"

"I'll make sure of it Master Mikay..."

I can hear Ethan's usual congfidence despite the aweful state that he's in. 

Honestly i'm starting to wonder about the predictions that Phanna made.

If only I got sick then that would just by my punishment for my misstreatment of my previous summon or retribution for summoning people in the first place but Ethan has been an outstanding member of society well respected by everyone.

speaking of society...

"So about the school, you sure it's ok for you to be away for so long..?"

"Oh ahh..." Ethan made a nervious laugh then continued, "I sorta told the other teachers that there's an emergency and I need to be away for a while..."

Well that'd probably explain why he might be sick.

"You do know that it's a principal's job to be there during an emergency right...?"

"y-ya... but we both know that nothing ever happens at the school... and beside taking care of you and Phanna is more important than whatever is happening on campus."

"I only really know what being a teacher is like. I was never really the administrator type..."

Despite saying that, I was fully aware of what a principal's life is like...

After all, that was what my late wife used to do. 

As if sensing he's said something wrong, Ethan decided to change the focus of our conversaion. 

"Are you feeling alright Master Mikay...?"

"About as ok as you i guess... If you're alright then i think i'm alright as well..."

Ethan didn't take my responces very well and made a cold "heh heh" kind of laugh. 

Maybe he feared that I was still brooding maybe he realized that he should have given a different answer earlier.

"I'll be checking on Phanna now, anything I should be aware of?"

"Y-yes. Phanna seems to be having a bad case of the childhood disobedience syndrom... I have never seen such a bad case of it honestly..."

"Right..."

"Under normal circumstances... it will go away with time but in Phanna's condition it looks like it's becoming rather dangerous..."

"Is there anything we can do about it...?"

"Ya... in the libraries of Mastery Town, I read something about keeping body temperetures below a critical tempreture and that will increase survival rate dramatically... I've been checking on Phanna to keep their tempreture below that point for a while now..."

Hearing Ethan say this reminds me that just how much of an asset he is to have around and also reminding me that there is still hope to correct my wrongs.

"Thanks for the info..."

"Oh Master Mikay... You should also know that you really shouldn't drop Phanna's tempreture by too far as it would hinder recovery..."

"Ah... understood..."

I waved good bye to Ethan meekly and began painfully making my way over to Phanna's room.

Fortunately, Phanna is still alive as heavy breathing can be herd from just outside their room.

"I should probably change the name on this door..." I muttered to myself as I stood before the door to Phanna's room.

Using my ability Pyromancer, I burned a line across the name carved into the door by another ability

[~~Fiona~~] it now reads.

Our household traditions is to have the owners of each room inscribe their name onto the doors with their own ability.

But would Phanna inscribe Phanna or would that long sequence of random letters and numbers be inscribed instead?

Ultimiately, I thought that this really shouldn't be a thing I should decide on as this room is more or less now Phanna's

This is why I decided that i shouldn't inscribe Phanna's name onto the door, partially to continue our family tradition and partially to allow Phanna to do what they feel is right.

Feeling satisfied with my decision, i began doing what I actually came here to do.

"Hey you alive in there still?" I meekly called out fully knowing the answer already before entering the room. 

"Barely..." said Phanna laying in bed

Phanna's voice sounds extremely out of breath. 

Honestly, so does mine, just less so. 

"I... uhhh... I guess I... uhhh... win this round"

This exhausted voice coming from Phanna feels completely alien. 

That said however, what Phanna is saying is completly inline with the character of Phanna I know and tollerate.

The way Phanna looks in bed, a random observer would be unsure if they were stuck there because of how many blankets there are or because Phanna's illness. 

I made my way towards the bed Phanna is currently more or less confined to and checkd the wet towle on Phanna's forehead.

Unsupprisingly the towle is warm, very warm.

"It seems that you are not very well behaved..."

Phanna doesn't seem too receptive of my comment but made no additional disapproving gestures other than a single "meh"

Then again, it could just be the illness making Phanna unreceptive of just about everything...

But then again, Phanna's not that receptive of anything to begin wtih so maybe not...

Even though that's the case, I cant exactly have Phanna dying on me.

"I'm going to lower your tempreture a bit now..."

"Do whatever..."

I placed my hand on Phanna's head and activated my ability Cooling 

It's apparently really important to not let Phanna's internal tempretures get too high but they still need to be elevated during these times of illnesses according to Ethan.

I stopped my ability after 30 seconds to check how Phanna is doing. 

I cant really tell if i did anything nor can I do anything more for Phanna's illness at this point. 

I took the towel on Phanna's forehead and washed it out in the water filled bucket by phanna's bed and placed it on back Phanna's forehead again. 

I dont know what good this will do for a feaver like this but i do remember my mom doing this for me when I first got a feaver.

I remember my mom saying that disobedient children would get sick.

I didn't take it all too seriously back then, but after getting an especially bad case of the dissobedient children illness, I more or less turned a new leaf. 

As I was lost in though, Phanna asked a most unexpected question.

"So how... does this... ability thing work?"

Phanna's voice sounds weak and frail but their words are unmistakable. 

This makes things much more easier if I don't have to force Phanna to sit down and learn. 

But just as I was about to answer another thought hit my mind. Quite the devious thought at that.

What if I don't answer it right now? Wouldn't this breed more curiosity? Maybe it would make Phanna want to find out more? It worked with Hickory after all.

"What's with the change in attitude...?" I asked trying to gracefully divert the question and move away from it. 

"It's just been... more effective than... I'd thought..."

"Well I did say I'm gonna keep you alive..."

"That's what... I mean..."

"Oh? so you can tell the effectiveness of what Ethan and I are doing"

"No it's not... that effective..."

"Brutal..."

"but it's just... effective enough... to keep me alive..."

"I see your sharp tong is as healthy as ever..."

"I only speak... the trueth..."

"How can you so sure of this...?"

"I dont know how... but you seem to be... able to keep... my tempreture below... 40 degrees..."

"It's ok just calm down and breath Phanna. You're having a much harder time with this than i am."

"That's cus my lungs... are filled with..."

As phanna was speaking, i placed a finger onto their lips letting them know to hush

"I said it's ok Phanna, you dont have to talk so much just rest..."

Phanna doesn't seem all too receptive of this but complied anyways.

"Fine... you talk..."

"About...?"

"Your ability magic..."

I guess there's really no dancing around with Phanna like I used to do with Hickory back in the day. 

Phanna is in deed not a kid and definately wouldn't let something like that just happen. 

"Right... Abilities are what we lets us manipulate the world and bend it to our will within a certain extent..."

"... And how does... that work...?"

I guess a scheme like this is bound to end in failure with someone like Phanna...

"... There's something called P-particles in our world. They exist all around us in low quantities... we are able to collect harnest the power of P-Particles to perform these feats..."

"So kind of like a... symbiotic relationship..."

"Symbiotic?"

"Mutrally benifical relationship... with another orginism..."

"Well we dont quite now if P-Particles are alive... not to mention their numbers generally stay constant within a peron after adulthood... And besides what living thing could possibly be that small...?"

Phanna gave me a sharp look as I made that comment immediately reminding me of Phanna's theory of illness.

Phanna then sunk back into what looks like deep thought beneath the blankets

"user index... micro biom... also Mikay... keep talking..."

"about?"

"How  to use... your ability thing..."

"That's what i've signed you up to school for... Many people train for years of thier lives to master the usage of Abilities"

"Give me... a summery then..."

"Even if I tell you all of this. that'd be pointless for you. You dont have any P-Particles, no one who's summoned does... Until you get some in the future knowing it is pointless."

"I'm scanning... for..."

"I know you dont have any. you dont have to scan for anything."

"hmm...???"

"Those with P-Particles are able to access abilities and using abilities we can see how much P-Particles other people have and which abilities are active... That's why I know you dont have any; It's cuz I checked..."

Phanna doesn't seem to like my answer and is glaring at me intently before finally letting up.

"Well how do... I get these... P-Particle things..."

"It's your prize for surviving this illness and passing the entrence exam to the school. How about that...?"

Phanna scoffed as soon as i spoke about the exam

"Exams... heh"

"They're not that easy you know. We may not be a major town like Mastery Town but our school is still in one of the more populated areas and a key hub for traveling traders you know..."

Phanna didn't respond with words but with a smug look.

Something tells me I should be more worried about the entrance exams than about Phanna now.

"You know... I've been wondering... your civilization... must be new..."

"What? What do you mean by that...?"

"Everything is... so primitive..."

"Ya ya i know you're home world is quite a bit more advanced than mine but we have a rich history too..."

"Tell me... about your... creation myths... I want to figure out... the age of... your world..."

"Shhh... I get it..."

I took a deep breath and cleared my throat before continuing.

"This is a story I used to tell Hikory alot when she was a child. It's the story about the creation of the world"

Phanna nodded as I began reciting the story, or less so reciting but more of retelling from memory.

<div style="padding: 1em; font-style: italic; background-color: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.2)">
Long ago, during the age of Gods, a God known only as The Original One was banished from the realm of Gods.

After being banished, The Original One grew bored and sad without the companionship of the other Gods and thus created the world and all that we know. 

After seeing the creations, The Original One was satisfied one but something felt missing, a companion a friend

The next day, The Original One looked onto the created world and thought "It'd be a great shame if they were all to go on eternally like this"

That day, The Original One gathered the rulers of the animal kingdoms and gifted each of them the gift of intelegance creating the various tribes of the world that we still see today.

The Original One lived happily with the creations and became especially close to a Human only known as the Proto Human.

One day, the realm of gods beckoned for the return of The Original One. 

This was bittersweet The Original One.

On the one hand it would mean returning to the other Gods and to the rightful home of The Original One.

On the other, it would mean giving up on the world and the inhabitants that The Original One made, especially the Proto Human. 

That's why in order to stay at least partially in the world of the created, The Original One shared with the world a portion of the power of Gods by filling the world to the brim with P-Particles.

Then The Original One taught the elders of the intelligent tribes how to harness this power in hopes that they will protect the world and tasked the Proto Human with governing the word before leaving.

This is why even though The Original One is no longer in our realm, we all have a part of the Original One within us.

And when we use our abilities we are literally using the power of Gods and hence must do so with respect and resolve.
</div>

As i finished reciting the legends, i noticed Phanna has there eyes closed. 

Their breathing slower than before.

"You awake...?" I whispered.

"Yes... I take it that's the end of the story...?"
g
"Yes"

"Any other legends...?"

"Not creation myths... Most other legends pertain to the Proto Human and I don't know them that well..."

"I guess you especially liked this story... "

"I guess so..."

"Hmmmmmm.... user init simulation profile..."

Phanna started mumbling commands that make basically no sense at some sort of unknow entity as they often does.

At this point, I've started to pick up on some queues. 

for example, something like _user change state stasis_ means they really don't wanna talk and will just shut up for a while. 

Ok well that's the only one I really know about.

Shortly after Phanna went silent 

"You're done chanting your spell...?" I asked 

But I only got a disapproving glare instead of a proper answer.

I didn't expect much response either. 

Phanna continued glaring at me for a couple seconds until they finally closed their eyes.

"Your civilization is between 500 to 35000 years old..." Phanna declared.

"What...?"

"I ran a cultural evolution model and it's the only possible time range where... there's exactly one creation myth within the host culture..."

Unsurprisingly Phanna cooked up some absurd proclamation. 

However, given Phanna's track record with prophicies so far, maybe it's worth considering.

Though that's pretty useless to think about right now.

"And this information is useful how...?"

"It's useful for making various other predictions about the world... such as technology level, general intelligence, common motivations and so on."

I don't exactly understand any of this phanna seems rather satisfied at this conclusion.

Welp as they say _happiness is the best medicine_ I thought to myself as I looked upon Phanna's scheeming expression.

Ok maybe Phanna isn't the right kind of happy... Ah whatever...

"Anyways Phanna, rest well and heal up."

"Thanks... you too..."

## <center>...</center> 

