# Chapter 11

"Do I look like Pillow to you?" Mikay answered aggressively.

"Not really but that was more of just an inside joke." I said 

Mikay didn't look too impressed so I countinued to explain.

"You see, in my world, not everything is biologically immortal. we humans are but our pets often aren't. That's why our civilizations have ways of giving biological immortality to our pets as a way of keeping them around forever."

"Oh..."

Mikay gave me a nod as i continued.

"I dont exactly have everything needed to pull this off but i do happen know how it works in theory. that's why, with enough time, I should be able to figure it out."

"wait wait wait. are you really offering to grant me immortality?"

"Biological immortality. there's a difference." I sighed. 

"Right."

"But yes and no. what  i'm offering is that I will try to grant you biological immortality as I dont know if it'll succeed or not. This way you can do this whole saving your daughter thing yourself and you can take as long as you need to."n

Mikay seemed to be lost in thought as he looked down at his grip on my hand.

It does sound like a pretty good plan right?

"What's the catch?" he asked looking back up at me.

"Hun what do you mean what's the catch?"

"You wouldn't just be offering something as valueable as giving someone  im- biological immortality without asking for something extremely valueable in return."

"hmm?" I looked at him puzzled before continueing.

"Well if you are asking for what i get from doing this then nothing really. in our world, we strongly believe the free flow of information and almost all inforamation is free for anyone to use or make use of."

Mikay had a look of disbelief on his face.

"I... I dont quite believe that you'd offer do this without getting anything in return."

"Why not? I did agree to help you 'save' your daughter right? I cant exactly do any fighting nor do i want to. but if you can do the fighting youself when you're no longer limited by your age related restrictions  then I wont have to risky my life with trying to help you save your daughter."

"Well...."

"And besides, I still do expect you to teach me the ability magic of your world."

"Right..."

Mikay's seems to be lost in thought as he stairs at the grip he has on my hand again. 

What's he thinking of this time.

He's clearly considering something but mind hacking isn't really something i did before. 

Maybe I should consider downloading a few mind hacking knowledge packs once i return home.

That said, considering the people here dont really have a digital substraits, mind hacking might not be useful at all here. 

"So what you're saying is your willing to give me this biological immortality if you dont have to waste time fighting anymore?"

"Well I didn't say I'll be able to give you biological immortality. I just said that i'm willing to try to make it happen. I wont know if I'll be able to do it till I actually give it a few tries."

"Ooh..." Mikay said dissapointingly.

"I guess if you must think of everything as an exchange then sure w can say you're propsal is spot on. it just so happens that right now, I'm not really intrested in dying. I'll submit a formal application when I'm ready to do that. we'll say that If I successfully make you biologically immortal, you'll agree to avoid making me fight any fights that i dont have to. Deal?"

"Hmmm... I guess i can agree to that." said Mikay as he let go of my hand.

"I guess I should have to keep a sizeable portion of my P-Particles for myself if i do end up beocming immortal."

"Biologically immortal." i sighed. 

I guess my assumption was right, him holding onto my hand is indeed what is allowing him to transfer these P-Particle things into my body. 

"I was planning on giving you almost all of my P-Particles but if what you're saying is true then the amount i gave you already is probably good enough."

"Oh? I'll probably be able to create more P-Particles eventually so keeping what you need for yourself is a good idea."

"Creating P-Particles? is that even possiable?"

"As long as it doesn't require quantum cloning then should be."

"What?"

"Uh... forget I said anything"

Right, trying to explain anything beyond the  bare minimum is going to be a trying exercise.

## <center><~~~></center>

"Hey Mikay, what do you think about becoming my pet?" Phanna said to me with a smirk and resting their head in their hand. 

This was entirely out of left field. 

I'm now somewhat used to Phanna randomly giving commands to a ghost or something now but this was a whole new level of random.

"Do I look like Pillow to you?" I answered in annoyance.

"Not really but that was more of just an inside joke." replied Phanna. 

I'm not exactly sure what an inside joke is supposed to be but it's probably not supposed to be funny.

that said, I really wasn't expcting anything remotely related to an unfunny joke coming from Phanna right now

"You see, in my world, not everything is biologically immortal. we humans are but our pets often aren't. That's why our civilizations have ways of giving biological immortality to our pets as a way of keeping them around forever." Phanna explained.

"Oh..."

Wait what!? Is Phanna suggesting what I think they're suggesting!?

If it is then this "inside joke" is starting to make a lot more sense supprisingly.

But I mean, it's got to be too good to be true right?

No one's willing to just give out something as important as immortality like that without a second thought.

but phanna's caught my intrest now.

I returned a nod signaling for Phanna to continue.

"I dont exactly have everything needed to pull this off but i do happen know how it works in theory. that's why, with enough time, I should be able to figure it out."

Pull it off?

"wait wait wait. are you really offering to grant me immortality?"

"Biological immortality. there's a difference." Phanna sighed. 

"Right."

"But yes and no. what I'm offering is that I will try to grant you biological immortality as I dont know if it'll succeed or not. This way you can do this whole saving your daughter thing yourself and you can take as long as you need to."

So Phanna IS offering to try to make me somewhat immortal. 

What's the deal here?

Why is Phanna offering this?

My gut feeling is telling me that this is absolutely too good to be true.

But what Phanna is offering is definately worth considering even if it's a trap of some kind. 

Indeed it would open up the possibility of me being more than just useless in my own quest to save my daughter.

But what does Phanna want in return?

I looked at my grip on Phanna's hand.

My P-Particles are still flowing from my hand into Phanna's. 

I can feel this in the form of my sphere of influence flowing from my own body into Phanna's.

This is often known as the method to extend one's own Sphere of Influence into another object to forge effective weapons however there's really been no known cases of this being done with another living being

Of course, with P-Particles being a limited resource, it's not likely of that someone would do something like this for no other reason than to find out why. 

After all, what is give out cannot be recouperated.

In the worst case scenario, if i do accept Phanna's offer and it does turn out to be some kind of a trap, we'd be somewhat on equal footing considering that I'd probably still retain at least some minor control over the P-Particles that i'm currently giving away. 

I guess the least I could do is to varify Phanna's motives before continuing.

"What's the catch?" I asked looking back up at Phanna again.

"Hun what do you mean what's the catch?"

You can be serious right?

I guess i'll have to do some prying to get information out of this one. 

I guess being from the "Realm of Knowledge" makes Phanna value information above all else probably.

"You wouldn't just be offering something as valuable as giving someone im- biological immortality without asking for something extremely valueable in return." I asked trying my best to get whatever I could out of Phanna.

"hmm?" Phanna returned a puzzled look before continuing.

"Well if you are asking for what i get from doing this then nothing really. in our world, we strongly believe the free flow of information and almost all information is free for anyone to use or make use of."

There's no way this can be true right?

This is definitely too good to be true.

In fact, every fiber of my being is telling me that this is a trap. 

But I also know that, to an extent, because I was the original owner of the P-Particles Phanna has, I will likely still have some control over Phanna.

I dont want have to play this card but if i blindly agree to Phanna's offer right now, I may have to down the line.  

I'm glad that at the very least, this is a fact still remains unknown to Phanna

I was really getting worried earlier that Phanna had somehow noticed but that doesn't seem to be the case.

That said, dspite the fact that everything feels like a trap, I still just can't take my mind off of the offer. 

That's why I HAVE to get to the bottom of this. 

I wasn't sure what Phanna's end goal is but I've been alive for long enough to know when something's too good to be true, it is.

and if I can understand the motivations behind such actions, at least I'll be making a contious decision instead of a blind one.

That's why...

"I... I dont quite believe that you'd offer do this without getting anything in return."

"Why not? I did agree to help you 'save' your daughter right? I can't exactly do any fighting nor do i want to. but if you can do the fighting yourself when you're no longer limited by your age related restrictions then I won't have to risky my life with trying to help you save your daughter."

"Well...." 

"And besides, I still do expect you to teach me the ability magic of your world." Phanna said reminding me of my earlier agreement i made with them.

"Right..."

So phanna just wants to be lazy? 

No maybe their true goal is to be able to spend more time figuring out Ability usage?

I mean I don't exactly think it's even possible for Phanna's home realm to just "figure out" how to use abilities without divine intervention at the realm level so I doubt there any actual risk to taking it slowly.

but considering how strongly Phanna seems to believe that their home realm would be able to do it, such drastic actions to avoid such a fate that they've described would seem reasonable.

But if that's the case why even agree to helping me...

actually that's a stupid question; Phanna would lose their only teacher otherwise since they did turned down Casandra's offer and pretty much quite half-way through the entrance exams. 

I'm sure that's the case.

Thinking through all this, it seem to make sense.

Honestly, I'm impressed by all the forethought. 

"So what you're saying is your willing to give me this biological immortality if you dont have to waste time fighting anymore?"

"Well I didn't say I'll be able to give you biological immortality. I just said that i'm willing to try to make it happen. I wont know if I'll be able to do it till I actually give it a few tries."

"Ooh..." I said disappointingly.

I guess i completely forgot the part about Phanna not having everything needed on hand.

If that's the case then ya everything definately makes sense now.

"I guess if you must think of everything as an exchange" said Phanna pulling me out of my thoughts, "then sure we can say you're propsal is spot on. it just so happens that right now, I'm not really intrested in dying. I'll submit a formal application when I'm ready to do that. we'll say that If I successfully make you biologically immortal, you'll agree to avoid making me fight any fights that i dont have to. Deal?"

"Hmmm... I guess i can agree to that." I said. 

I let go of Phanna's hand and I felt my sphear of Influence dissconnect from the portion that is currently residing around phanna.

It's a werid experiance.

I can faintly feel it as a part of my self yet i can can also distinctly feel it as if my own Sphere of Influence pushing up against someone else's Sphere of Influence.

I wasn't exaclty sure what this is supposed to feel like but i do know that it doesn't feel anything like extending my Sphere of Influence by placing a portion of my P-Particles into a tool.

Honestly if this whole immortality thing doesn't pan out, I'm not exactly sure how channeling the rest of my P-Particles into Phanna would would out.

At the very least with sphere of influence extention procedures, all the P-Particles has to be channeled into the object in one go so I really dont know if i'll even be able to channel more of my own P-Particles into Phanna later on.

But as of right now, this is definitely the right call to make.

"I guess I should keep a sizeable portion of my P-Particles for myself if i do end up becoming immortal.” I said to Phanna.

"Biologically immortal." Phanna sighed. 

Right that.

"I was planning on giving you almost all of my P-Particles but if what you're saying is true then the amount i gave you already is probably good enough"

"Oh? I'll probably be able to create more P-Particles eventually so keeping what you need for yourself is a good idea."

"Creating P-Particles? is that even possiable?"

"As long as it doesn't require quantum cloning then should be."

"What?"

"Uh... forget I said anything"

## <center><~~~></center>
