# Chapter 2: Title in Progress

As I closed the door behind me, I thought about the conversation I had with Phanna

I walked across the hall way to a room labled "Hickory".

As I entered the room to drop off Pillow, I felt a sense of nostalgia hit me.

I walked over to the table by the window on the other side of the room.

Everything in the room was kept the same as they were on the day Hickoy left. 

The undone bed sheets, the random things on the table, even the clothing she keeps in her closest and the half open door on it. 

All kept as the same as they were waiting for her to return one day. 

The only thing that's different is a mini aquarium that i commissioned the other day as the larger one is currently being used as a safe zone for Phanna. 

I put Pillow into the aquarium and closed the lid on it to keep Pillow from jumping out.

Of course i don't intend to keep the aquarium here for long. It's the only other room in the house that I can put pillow in at the moment. and as soon as Phanna's safe to explore around, I'm gonna have the aquarium refilled and put Pillow back inside of that. 

I stood there for a while reminiscing about Hickory growing up. 

I looked towards the drawer that she often puts itmes on display on in additon to keeping her cloathing in. 

Looking across the display, I can recall many fond memories of the time I spent fathering her.

The Mark of a Protege badge she got when she was just 12. Not the record for the youngest Protege but definitely extraordinary. 

beside the Mark of Protege was the Mark of a Master badge she got when she was 14. I can still remember the day she got this and how excited she was to be able to be around me more in the future. The very next day, we went on our first joint assignment together. 

and beside that... a burnt up item, what most would dismiss as trash but is something that bears heavy on my mind. It's The Mark of a Grandmaster badge that formerly belonged to Hickory. 

The day she earned it was bittersweet. She had long since been qualified to advance to the rank of Grandmaster but she kept it a secret to stay with me on joint assignments. 

It was also bittersweet for me too. happy that my daughter has surpassed me, sad that I'll likely never reach those heights myself and above all, the motivation to join her in the highest rank.

But that didn't happen...

I still remember the day she left me, throwing the Mark of a Grandmaster badge into a fire pit and walking off

I distinctly remember her saying "This is not what's right. This is not what the world needs." 

Ever since, I have never been closer to her than the border of her territory. 

Shaking myself out of my nostalgia, I turned around and brought myself through the door and closed it behind me carefully as to not disturb the contents inside.

I used to keep this door open but as time passed on, it became harder and harder to walk past this room without the feelings welling up within me. 

That's why nowadays, I have to keep this door closed.

Walking down the hallway, I came up to the main door leading outside. 

I prepared myself for a quick walk to the town's center. 

I'm quite lucky to still be quite moble even at this age.

I locked up the door and began the short walk to the mastery academy located at the center of town; a place I once teached at. 

Hopefully I won't be too much of a bother showing up out of the blue like this.

<center>~</center>

After a short walk, i found myself closing in on the back entrence of the building. 

I could hear the teacher and the students doing their outdoor excercises and practices on the field infront of the the building on the other side of the building. 

Before proceeding any further I began an analysis of the abilities that are currently active within the building. 

Unsupprisingly, the field on the otherside of the building had the most avtive abilties. 

From the looks of it, the class was doing some sort of abiltie training drill.

That or it could be combat practice but those are rather rare so more likely it's activities that help the students get used to using, maintaining and moving with ability active. 

Secondary to that was a few of the class rooms with teachers doing lectures to large groups of students and graduates performing experiments. 

The lecturers seem to be using an ability to amplify their voice and the experimenters are using observational abilities. Or at least that's what it looks like judging by the location of these activations and the types of abilities that are currently active. 

After a while, my suspicions are all but confirmed as it looks like theres only 2 large area observation abilities active. Both on the front of the school. 

I activated my sound reduction abilitiy and my camaflauge ability as i began to make my way into the school ground. 

Infiltrating a school in broad daylight is honestly much easer than some of my pervious infiltration assignments.

Not to mention that I was fully aware of exactly what the interior of this building is like. After all, I was a teacher here for quite some time here.

It wasn't long before i arrived at the principals office where the current principal is currently under a pile of paperwork... Figuratively.

Of course the door isn't locked or closed as dictates by tradition. 

The principal needs to be easily accessable at all times in case of an emergency, or so the logic goes. 

i stealthily made my way into the room with my 2 abilities active still and just stood there to observe the principle.

I since camaflauge doesn't fully make me invisable but rather translucent it isn't really the perfect tool to keep out of sight. 

But it gets the job done though as a side effect everything seems to get a little darker. 

I'm sure the principal would notice me standing around sooner or later. 

As if right on queue, the principal lifted his head and the emotionless experssion on his face quickly gave way to shock as he noticed me.

"Master Mikay?! You should have told me you were coming, I would have prepared..."

"No no principal Ethan, the last time you 'prepared' for my arrival, you turned a mundane visit into a festival." I replied as I deactivated my abilitits.

"Well that's because..."

I can sense Ethan trying to think up an excuse but really, he's just a fan of mine I guess.

"Anyways, I'm really just passing by and to ask you a favor"

"Anything for you Master Mikay"

"No need to be like that Ethan. After all, you're a full feldged Master too now."

"But I couldn't have done it without you! So what can I do for you this time? Have you taken on a new apprentice?"

"Bingo. or at least sort of."

"Go on?"

"You see, I recently summoned another apprentice named Phanna after my previous apprentice's untimely demise. But this Phanna is... well at least on the surface Phanna's going to be much more of a hand full than the last."

Ethan gulped

"Infact, I'll likely have to be accompanying Phanna for a while"

Ethan's face immediately turned from dispair to joy

"Then that means?"

"Yes. However, please don't make a big deal out of this. Most of the students here haven't met me personally before so keep them out of whatever you're scheming."

"Understood! Which class would you like Phanna to be placed in?"

"I think for this one, we really should start at the very beginning with the entrence exams."

"What???"

"You see, Phanna's a complete unknown and has a tendency to just pass out and fall over out of the blue... In addition, I don't even know what Phanna's capable of yet."

"R-Right..."

"I know the entrence exams are right around the corner with a new semester starting. It's why I performed the summoning around this time."

"Ah I understand. So is it saft to assume you'll be attending the entrence exams as a judge?"

"I was hoping to..."

Before I could finish my sentence, Ethan made a pouty pleaing face and made me re-consider what I was about to say.

"Fine fine, I'll come judge the exams."

Ethan's face was filled with joy as if he just scored a face to face meeting with his hero.

Well I guess that isn't that far off for Ethan's case.

"Oh one last question, do you have and clerk's on site, there's a bit of a situation with Phanna right now."

"You don't mean me do you?" Ethan asked in glee

"The one and only."

I smiled at him as the bell on the clock tower sounded declaring that it is now officially 4 in the afternoon.

The sound of footsteps can be herd alread as students began making their way out of school grounds

"Please come over when you have time later today or tomorrow."

"I'll be there later tonight how does after dinner sound?" Replied Ethan with much energy and excitement. 

"That's perfect, thanks Ethan, I'll be on my way now. See you later tonight."

The foot steps outside the room was now getting more aggressive as the students packed up their belongings and made their way out of the school campus

I too made my way out of the school campus using the students as cover since not many of them knew who i was. 

Makes hiding myself from the other teacher much easier as there'd definately be another cufulful if another teacher noticed me around. 

<center>~</center>

After slipping out of campus grounds, and picking up some food for myself and Phanna, and I find myself once again sitting infront of the aquarium inside what's now functionally Phanna's room.

"Hey Phanna I got us some food. It might not be what you're used to but at least it's better than nothing"

"Right and you're going to get that food into this glass box how?"

"..."

"I appreciate the thought but i should be able to maintain my biological functions under partial stasis on what I have currently... My main worry right now is water..."

Phanna began quietly monologing about something, clearly not intending for me to hear it.

Paying no heed to Phanna i started eating the food I got for us. 

The food wasn't anything special, just a fillet of fish on rice with some leafy vegetables on the side. 

Phanna doesn't seem to notice that i'm eating the food already and the monologue seems to have stopped too. 

"If you carry me off to a remote location somewhere that's not as densly populated as here and release me, I think I should be able to survive whatever illness that exist in this world." Phanna said suddenly out of the blue.

"Dont worry Phanna, I have a friend who's a Cleric coming. We should be able to figure something out for you"

"Right you're gonna use healing magic on me when I get sick how reliable."

"Right right before you dismiss us, you should at least hear us out. Don't you want to find out how I did the impossiable'?"

Phanna didn't respond, clearly not have a cleaver comeback to my words.

"And how did you know we're in a populated area anyways, you've been frozen in this glass box since i left."

"Oh, whIie you were gone, I used my time to map out the Cosmological Background Audio. It's a set of gravitational waves that reverberates across spacetime since the big bang."

"There you go again spouting non-sense"

"Well you asked."

I decided to entertain this non-sense that Phanna is spouting as I had nothing else better to do while i sit here and eat. 

"So what did you find out?"

"Well against the backdrop of the Cosmic Background Audio, I could feel a large amount of movement off in the distance. From the looks of it, those are people. Not as many as Im used to feeling through gravitational wave observation"

"Oh that must be the center of the town. There's often a large number of people gathered there during the day"

Honestly whatever this gravitation wave observationt that Phanna is able to do is quite impressive. 

"Is that so. Towns are alot smaller than I thought they would be."

"So did you find anything else?"

"Well it's not what I found that supprises me, honestly it's what I didn't find."

"Oh?"

"Well I dont really sense any other lairs to this surface. it's like there's no one else above or below us."

"Right and were would they be if they were? I thought there was no such thing as magic yet you believe in sky people?"

Phanna sighed. 

"Where im from, we have massive planet sized shells incasing each other. we call those Matrioshika planets and I lived on one of those. I've never been on a natrual planet so all this is completely new to me"

I cant immagine completely coverng the sky with a shell of some kind. 

"A world must have been able to house unlimited number of people"

"Nah its got its limits. the shell i lived on had 16 contenental regions and the conentental region i lived on had about three hundred trillion people living withinn it and probably a million times that the number of simulated people."

Now i'm starting to understand the werid naming convention Phanna's home world had. with that many people, social constructs would probably break down with just how many people would share the exact same name. 

And I guess Phanna's yearning for uniqueness is more understandable too. 

Though most of the other nonsense Phanna spouts is utterly incomprehensible to me.

"You know Mikay, despite the differences in our worlds, I's actually quite similar in a lot of regards too."

"Oh, Phanna being sentimental for a change?"

"Nah, I did a bit of number crunching and both your universe and my universe are around the same age judging by the frequency of the Cosmological Background Audio assuming a few other variables are the same which does indeed seem that way from the surface"

"Spouting non-sense again I see. The universe is eternal, aways been there always will"

"Technically yes since existanct beyond the beginning is impossiable but the universe still has an age, there's still a beginning. in that sense our worlds are a lot alike. I bet planitary formation is around the same. I can't wait to go explore the cosmos of this universe."

"You know, you have a bad habbit of not making sense you know"

Phanna sighed. 

I also sighed as well in response.

By this time, I had already finished my food and the portion for Phanna I can prabably keep for tomorrow. 

"So how does people in your world deal with this vaccine thing?"

"Oh vaccines are a thing of the past where I'm from. instead we have a database of pathogens and we just download the data and build resistances to them when we plan on migrating."

Asking was a mistake.

"I have a feeling you understood none of it."

"You're not wrong..."

"Do you want me to explain further?"

"Not really."

Phanna wasn't exactly too surprised with my answer. 

I also wasn't exactly in the mood to listen to Phanna ramble on enther. 

"Hey Phanna, by the way, I enrolled you in a local school"

Phanna chuckled

"School? What does your society have to teach me?"

"It's a school for abili... the magic of our world"

"Your..." Phanna began saying something quickly stopped.

"What was that?" I asked.

"Nothing. don't worry about it."

It was around this time that a loud knocking can be herd coming from the front door.

Phanna was understandably frightened by this though this stasis thing is muting any motion that Phanna normally would have exhibited.

I, on the other hand, was fully expecting this to happen.

"Alright, we're going to break you out of this cage." I declared. 

"Do whatever" Phanna sighed. 

I stood up from my chair and began making my way to the front door while Phanna remains motionless within the aquarium. 

