# Chapter 1: Match Made Across Quantum SpaceTime

"Thanks for holding down the fort, Pillow" I said as I awaken from my nap. 

"Still nothing?" I asked as if expecting a reply but who am I kidding, Pillow's a slime blob. It can't possibly reply. 

Though that may be the case, having it on watch is still a good idea since it'll be sure to make a ruckus if someone did show up. 

Or so I had thought as I looked over to the aquarium that Pillow normally hangs around in only to find a slender person sleeping there. 

A few days earlier, I had the aquarium drained and performed the summoning preperations as I had a few times before.

I inscribed a summoning circle on it and set up the summoning chant as wsll.

Well only sorta the same as before. I had no idea how well this'll work this time around since it isn't normallydone in an aquarium ever.

But the last person summoned seemed to have mentioned something about vaccination or quainteen before he died so I'm completely in the unknown this time around. 

I thought I'd at least set up a sort of safe zone for the summoned this time around. Maybe it'll boost the odds of survival. 

That's why I had no idea how long the summoning ritual will last for or even if it'll resolve or not. 

But to my supprise, it worked like normal. Nothing's too out of the ordinary... only that this one doesn't seem quite as human... or even demi-human for that matter.

This one's got long elf like ears where you'd normally expect to find ears as well as another set of fox like ears on top.

This is the first time I've ever seen such a strange setup in any human or demi-humans ever.

...

After inspecting the summoned for a while, I turned around and looked over to Pillow who's lazing around as usual. 

"Hey Pillow~ Did you know? someone's invaded your room? Why didn't you tell me about it~?" I asked Pillow playfully.

Of course no response as usual, though I did get a jiggle out of it when I called it's name.

Thinking about it, I haven't really fed Pillow in a few days now so maybe it's just low on energy? But aren't you only supposed to feed slimes once a week?

Maybe a bit of food will help it out. 

Thinking this, I picked up Pillow and placed it inside a glass garbage bin.

"Eat up Pillow."

In a short while Pillow's exterior changed from smooth and silky to slimy and sticky. 

Things it touched got pulled into it's body and pretty soon, all the trash in the bin got consumed and Pillow returned to it's original smooth and silky state.

I lifted Pillow out of the trash bin and caught sight of the summoned sitting up inside the aquarium.

I walked over to the aquarium making sure to make my presence known hoping to avoid accidentally become a "jump scare" as one of the previous summoned mentioned. 

"Hello, My name's Mickay, how are you feeling?" I asked.

The summoned looked over sleepily and mumbled something  "name? Mickay? I guess we're in that kind of simulation now."

"Simulation?" I asked in confusion.

The summoned seems confused. I guess it's to be expected. After all, who does summoning procedures in an aquarium. 

"I don't know what this simulation you speak of is but I can assure you that we're not whatever this simulation thing you think we are."

"Oh you herd that? You're not supposed to hear it. Just forget it ok?"

The summoned then made an extremely dismissive hand gesture at me.

I guess I'll play along. I've got nothing to lose anyways. 

I noticed that the summoned is looking intently at Pillow

No matter I can maybe talk this out but just as I was planning on saying something, the summoned made another comment completely out of the blue

"Hey, yow who is named mickay, I'm about to say some really weird stuff. please ignore them ok?"

"o-ok..."

What came next was indeed the weirdest comments I've ever seen someone make. It's as if the summened is whispering orders to some invisable entity.

"user address location"

...

"root address location"

...

"root ping"

...

"root initiate thought boost 10 and initiate debug"

and then the summoned fell over in the aquarium

"Hay are you ok in there."

"User A244XZ4305PHAN4 is currently in stasis. Please wait for user to exit stasis"

this reply sounded extremely artificial

It's as if the summoned was posessed. 

what could have caused this.

did the summoning ritual in the aquarium end in failure? 

is it back to square one?

but what can I change?

maybe more P-Particles?

but before I could really follow the line of thought any further, the summoned sat up again this time seeming much more alert than the last.

"You who address yourself as Mickay. I don't know who you are or what you've done but you seem to have done the impossible. Whatever you did, you need to tell me everything about it cuz from the looks of it, new discoveries are waiting to be made."

Stunned by the sudden change in tone, I had no idea how to respond. 

That said things serious. 

Maybe the summoning process is only a partial failure?

"So what do you want to know about?"

"Everything"

I don't know what but something must have happened during the short time the summoned fell over. 

Either way, I'll need to make the most out of this situation

I made a motion with my body as if to think over the request and then responded

"I'm willing to do that but I'm gonna need you to do me a favor in return. You see my daughter has currently defected and became a Phantom Lord, I'm gonna need your help to retrieve..."

"deal"

well that was faster than expected. 

I thought I'd get questioned a lot more before I get any responce. 

"You're not... know what whatever. Anyways, before I begin, do you have a name I can call you by"

I put Pillow down on the floor and sat down on a near bychair.

"Name... now that's a concept I haven't herd of for a long time. My universal identification code is 'A244XZ4305PHAN4'. But PHAN4 doesn't produce any ID collisions so most people address me by that within my district."

"That's a mouthful. How do you and your people communicate efficiently?"

"Well normally we just use the smallest set of characters that wouldn't produce a collision. So between just us, I'd be 4 and you'd be Kay. If you were Kay4 then I'd be N4 and..." 
 
"Hold on, hold on, hold on..."

"Hmm?"

"Whatever your culture does is interesting and all but I just needed to know how to address you."

"Probably just 4 then" said 4 with a shrug

"That'd make things inconvenient."

4 shrugged again...

"No no this won't do, I can't call you that in front of everyone else."

"I haven't had a problem with it yet"

"I know, that's the scary part..."

"You knew?"

"Well if you have proplems with it, the system clearly wouldn't have stuck around for too long"

"Oh. you're mistaken. People do have problems with it in other places. But..."

"heh?!"

"Well you're one of those degenerate who don't understand the elegance of the Reduction Protocol so I gotta school you a little"

"Degenerate? Reduction Protocol? School?"

"err... um... ok never mind, don't worry about it."

4 made a strange face. Probably expected a different response. 

"Anyways, if you want me to have a proper 'name', you're gonna have to think of one yourself. I'm perfectly content with PHAN4"

"PHAN4... What about Phanna? Are you ok with the name Phanna?"

"I don't care. I'm not going to be be addressing myself, you're the one using it so as long as you like it, I don't really care"

"I'll take that as a yes then. Starting today, you'll be known as Phanna!"

"Sure sure."

Phanna shrugged once again and this time, the shrug is acompanied by an eye roll. 

"So now that you're done asking your question, I got one to ask back. Is the air content of this glass enclosurs the same as outside?"

"I'm not sure what that means but it should have the same air as outside."

"Right, so you kinda just put a lid on this box and later I showed up in here right?" Phanna said with a slightly accusatory tone

"Sounds about right."

"So why is this container air tight? The oxygen level in here drop by .33%"

"Oxygen? Air tight?"

Phanna facepalmed; extremely hard at that. 

"The whole point of this box is to keep you from dying. The last person I summoned died and was talking about isolation or vaccine or something. So I thought I should do this to improve the odds of survival"

"Ah I see, that'd make a lot more sense then. User change state Communicative Stasis"

With that Phanna fell over again much like the first time

Again I panicked

"Phanna?!"

"Calm down Mikay, I'm just in stasis, nothing to worry about."

"W-what's stasis"

"Well it means a lot of things but at the moment, it just means I reduced most body functions to conserve energy, I should be able to remain conscious for 2-3 times longer in stasis."

"Right... about that drop in this Oxygen concentration you mentioned earlier?"

"Right I'm trying to think of a solution too..."

"No I mean what is it?"

There was a long pause before Phanna replied,

"You see, there are many types of air and they all exist in harmony. Oxygen is one of those types and when the ballence is off, bad stuff happens."

"Do you take me for a child?"

The nerves on this kid. 

"Well if you're going to ask questions like a child then I'm gonna answer them as if you were one."

"From the looks of it, you're the child here!"

"I dont doubt that but age doesn't really matter after a certain point to an extent."

That comment brought me back down to earth as I reflected on my situation and qucikly calmed down.

"It does for me..."

Phanna seems awfully confused at this whole situation, or what could be considered as confused given majority of the facial movements seems to be disabled by this stasis thing.

"Go on..."

"I've made many mistakes. The biggest of which is allowing my daughter to abandon her position as the strongest Grandmaster and becoming a Phantom Lord. That's why I have to return her to us, and to tell her sorry... but I'm already age 71 and unable to do this myself. That's why I need you, people like you people of a different world with unlimited wisdom and..."

"Hahahahahahahaha. You talk like you're about to die but you're only 71? That's got to be a joke right?"

"N-no I'm quite serious."

"Look Mikay, I'm around 800 years old. I'll have to check with my system records to know exactly how old but I can tell you, I've never herd of people dying before 150 and even that was an extremely rare accident."

Phanna's face is as still as ever. It's impossible to tell whether that comment was made in jest or not. 

"No way, whatever you're saying, impossible..." I replied

"No what you're saying is what's actually impossible." Phanna barked back

Maybe the whole stasis thing is a lie and it's all just a cleaver way to get me angered...

"Although what you say sound completely impossiable, it also doesn't seem like you're lying to me."

"Of course I'm not lying! What do I have to gain from lying?"

"So tell me, what's going to kill you?"

"Kill? Nothing's gonna kill me, I'm just old and frail now"

"Right dying of old age, next you're gonna tell me your parents are already dead"

"..."

"..."

"..."

"user exit stasis and user change state direct command."

Phanna sat up again and stared at me with a serious and intense look.

I stared back with the same intensity.

We both remained there looking at each other for maybe a couple minutes.

"I can't believe you're serious..." Phanna finally murmured followed by "user change state Communicative Stasis" and, for the third time, fell over.

I feed like I'm starting to get used to this but it still startles me.

"So is this the reason you want me to help with 'recovering' your daughter right?"

"Right."

"I'm sorta envious to be honest. People where I'm from don't just die unless they are killed and even then, it's very difficult. That's why people have to apply for death. Having a set time on how much life you have sounds nice. It'd surely make me value my time and my life more."

"Unlimited lifespan... seems nice... imagine all the stuff you can do with all that time"

Phanna give off a chuckle

"It might be nice in the beginning but at some point, everything that could be done has been done already. At that point, no one has any uniqueness and everything is just a copy of something else. It's still nice to enjoy the things around but the thing is, everything that can be experianced is just a rehash of another thing. That's why I went into sciences, to discover something unique to be the only one to be able to experiance discovering something new..."

"Did you succeed?"

"Why do you think I'm here?"

"I don't know, the summoning ritual only makes sure that we can speak the same language and the person who is summoned is willing to be summoned"

"Summoning? What is this? a game?"

"Do you still think we're this simulation thing"

"No it's quite appearent that this isn't a simulation. I checked earlier. The Cosmic Background Audio is completely different. not only that, the waypoint beacons can't be detected at all, it's as if they don't exist. there's very few ways of..."

"Alright I'm just gonna stop you right there. You're not making any sense right now."

"Eh..." 

Phanna doesn't seem impressed, and honestly neither am I.

"Well anyways, to get back to your question, we did succeed but we were too late. a similar technology was given to our planet as we did a fly by of another star system..."

"our?"

"I wasn't alone... I had 2 co-research... had..."

"I'm sorry..."

"They were the first ones I've ever seen die... "

It's hard to make out from the stasis but I think Phanna's crying right now.

"Do you need some time alone?"

"..."

I got up off my chair and noticed Pillow lazing around on the floor.

I picked up Pillow and left the room. 
