# Chapter 10

...

...

...

Ya try as I may I definitely can't sleep right now.

The most I've gotten over the past couple hours was a small nap here and there.

I guess my sense of time is the one of my few senses remaining that's still working and isn't disabled by the stasis.

I never really checked on what actually is and isn't disabled by stasis since i just assumed everything is but I guess it does make sense for the sense of time to not be disabled by stasis.

Suddenly,

_$ Warning: proprioception abnormality detected_

Hun what?

_$ Warning: touch abnormality detected_

Wait what?

_$ Warning: sight abnormality detected_

What's happening!??

_user exit stasis_

My senses quickly came flooding back to me

_$ Warning: hearing abnormality detected_

As the warning came up, I could notice a small ringing in my ears that's normally not there.

I opened my eyes and sat up.

Sitting beside me was Mikay.

We were back in the same room with the big glass aquarium. 

The aquarium was 1/3rd filled with water and a jello like blue blob was swimming around in it. 

a smell of wood with a hint of something else that felt familiar or nostalgic assaulted my nose.

and lastly, there was the most unmistakable scent of me and Mikay. 

it definitely smelled like the same room with the glass box I woke up in. 

my sense of smell was one of my senses that's remains untouched by whatever abnormality was happening so it was the sense I am sort of relying on to double check the claims my other senses made.

"user initiate sensory diagnostics"

_$ Running diagnostics._
_$ Set alert time:_\
_complete_\
_$ Alert registered for "complete" event_

As my diagnostics began running I realized that I did have one other high bandwidth sensory channel that's still unaffected by whatever abnormalities are happening.

"user initiate wave receivers chache"

_$ Wave receivers initialized_

the fuzzy feelings returned and of course nothing showed up against it since nothing is moving in relationship to me.

well that's not entirely true.

I did notice something moving in an steady rhythm to my right.

looking over, I realized what it was.

the movement mostly focused around Mikay's chest area. 

it really didn't take a genius to figure out the light movements were coming from Mikay's heart and breathing. 

I also noticed, through my compromised senses of sight and touch, that Mikay was holding onto my hand.

"Did I disturb you?" Mikay asked.

"No, I can't really sleep right now."

was I responding to the right questions?

there's really no way to know considering my senses are compromised right now.

"Oh, is that so... what about that stasis thing?"

"I got a number of warnings that my sense of sight, hearing, touch and proprioception got... well I don't know what happened but my sense aren't normal right now."

"Proprioception?"

"the sense of where your body parts are in relation to other body parts."

"so people from the realm of knowledge have more than 6 senses?"

"much more than 6... and... I guess I should clarify that half the stuff I said to amanda is stuff I made up on the spot. The realm of knowledge part expecially"

"!?"

Mikay was surprised though it doesn't seem to be by much.

I guess this conversation is holding up ok despite my compromised sense so i guess there's no reason abort it on the basis that it might be a hallucination.

"My goal that i stated is true, I want to be able to return to my home world with the knowledge I've gained here. I believe I explained what my home world is like right?"

Mikay noded.

"You see, I'm actually as plain and normal as they come there. that's why I wanted to be unique."

"Why dont you just stay here? You're pretty unique in alot of ways compared to the people in this world."

"I did consider it at one point but i don't think that's a good option in the long run"

"Why?"

"My home world is traveling across the universe with a mission of seeding life to all worlds it comes across."

"Your home world is traveling the universe?"

"Yup. it's got a huge engine known as a Black Hole powering it. that's why it's able to travel the universe. I believe i've already told you i have an unlimited life span correct?"

Mikay gave me a nod

"Then it should be pretty obvious that it's only a matter of time before my home world or one of it's sibling traveling worlds comes by this world. Not only that, it not unreasonable that they may have already figured out how to do the whole ability magic thing by that time too. When that happens, I'll return to being another one in the sea of countless."

"I dont quite agree with what you're saying but lets say i do for now, is it even possiable for someone of your home realm to just 'figure out' how to use abilities? after all, abilities are a fragment of the power of the Original One. not only that, how do you even intend to return to your home realm?"

"I dont think figuring out your ability magic completely impossible. After all, in one way or another, people of our world has figured out how to do many things that was once considered to be... in the domain of gods"

"So... You're from the Realm of gods? You are immortal so that'd make sense."

"Biologically Immortal, there's a difference."

"Right..."

Despite Mikay's agreement, I have a feeling that he's likely going to continue making this mistake quite frequently in the future.

"As for returning home, the plan is to reverse eng... do that summoning ritual thing backwards and return home. the hope is that once I return, someone didn't figure this whole ability thing out first making this whole trip worthless"

I noticed that Mikay's hand was still hoding on to mine.

I waved my head around a bit to check on the surroundings.

if nothing moves relative to where my receivers are I cant exactly feel things against the cosmological background audio using gravitational wave observation 

but that doesn't mean i cant move the receivers myself to get things around me to move relative to me.

Everything is relative after all. it's why the stars look like they're spinning around us but in reality, the space rock we all stand on is just spinning around it's own axis.

As i tilted my head side to side, i noticed mikay clearly and he is indeed sitting next to me holding on to my hand. 

My body also seems to line up exactly with where my proprioception is suggesting it is.

my diagnostics hasn't finished yet so i guess I cant really tell exactly what's out of the ordinary with my senses yet.

but having bad sensor data is one of the most dangerous situations to be in. 

It's the major cause of aircraft and spacecraft failures after all and every precaution needs to be taken during events of sensory abnormalities.

Mikay spoke up once again breaking the silence.

"I dont know if it's possible for you to return to your home using the summoning ritual but... if you do mange to figure it out, before you leave... Can I ask you to help save my daughter?"

Mikay was squeezing my hand tighter. 

"Sure, but I dont see anything that I can do. You seem to be a big deal around here. You have alot more authority and power than I ever will in this world."

You shouldn't need a reason to help someone so I quickly agreed but with that said, I can't accomplish the impossible. 

Normally in situations like those, asking the Central Compute Cluster for assistance is the logical next move to make but considering that I cannot access the Central Compute Cluster in any meaningful way, the only thing I can do now is to state it up front that I may not actually be able to do anything.

Mikay seems relieved as the conversation continued.

"It's true I'm strong but I'm only a Master. I was pretty powerful during my prime but even then, i was no match for my daughter. now that I'm old, there's even less of a chance for me to even approach her."

There was definitely an air of regret and sadness in Mikay's voice, that much I can tell.

"If you cant do anything then what's an outsider like me suppose to do? besides, what are we supposed to save her from anyways?"

"I need to save her from herself..."

I raised an eyebrow.

Mikay continued.

"You see, my daughter's name is Hickory. She is what's known as a Phantom Lord. Phantom Lords are Grand Masters who refuse to work with the Guild of Mastery and are hunted by the Guild of Mastery and feared by the people because of that. she was formerly a Grand Master until I made a mistake one day. On that day..."

Mikay's voice was starting to shake. 

It wasn't much, but i was picking up on it. 

He was probably trying hard to not let his emotions show

Or not let his emotions overwhelm him. 

Either way, his grip on my hand was tighter. 

These must have been some pretty painful memories that he's digging up.

"not only did I lose my wife, I also lost Hickory. I've wanted to tell her how sorry I was, how wrong I was, what a fool I had been. I had allowed my my arrogance get the best of me. But now... She's gone... they're all gone now..."

Mikay's grip on my hand lightened up as he looked away from me and into the window continuing his story.

"She renounced her position as the strongest Grandmaster of the Guild of Mastery and became a Phantom Lord. It has been my goal ever since to save her form the life of a Phantom Lord. It's the only thing I can do now... I no longer have anything left. I lost my wife, my daughter, my strength, my purpose and my resolve... The only thing I can do now is to save her from the path she took..."

Mikay's story was over.

Whatever this "mistake" was, he clearly didn't want to bring it up.

It's not like I didn't empathize with this.

After all, it makes me recall my time with FF3 and QF3 together performing experiments.

I ,too, regret not being able to have prevented their deaths.

I felt like a failure not only for failing to achieve our goal but also a failure to my friends, my companions.

All of the things I could have done better to have finished our projects just a week sooner came rushing into my mind.

Maybe I could have had participated in less arguments here and prevented the team from shrinking down to the three of us. 

Maybe I could have worked just a bit harder to speed up the process by just a little bit over time.

But all that was in the past now. 

FF3 and QF3 are both gone now and there's nothing I could do now than to cherish our memories together.

I looked out the window that Mikay was looking out of hoping to clear these thoughts from my mind.

Outside of the window was filled with the bright orange of sunset.

This was when my diagnostics completed giving me the perfect chance to package these thoughts away.

_$ Alert: Sensory diagnostics complete._\
_$ Results:_\
_$ Proprioception mismatch:_\
_$ - 1 body part detected with no programmatic physical counterpart_\
_$ Hearing Mismatch:_\
_$ - additional hearing interfaces detected with no corresponding physical or programmatic counterpart_\
_$ Touch Mismatch:_\
_$ - additional touch perception interfaces detected with no corresponding physical or programmatic counterpart_\
_$ Vision Mismatch:_\
_$ - additional visual perception interfaces detected with no corresponding physical or programmatic counterpart_

So my proprioception is the one that's completely compromised and some sort of backdoor was installed into the other 3 senses.

I guess it's at least a relief that my senses aren't entirely compromised though having backdoor in them definitely isn't ideal but I can deal with it later.

Right now, Mikay was probably more important. 

I looked back over to Mikay and noticing my glance, he looked back at me.

He seems to have finished his emotional moment as he continued speaking.

"As for what we need to do to save her... I don't know... That's part of why I need your help..."

What Mikay is saying does make sense.

At least I can help with thinking up ideas.

"The other thing is, I'll likely have to talk to her in the future which means it'll unlikely be unavoidable that we'll to have to face her in combat..."

I had a feeling this was coming up.

there's no reason that the entrance exams were a death tournament if fighting wasn't going to come up.

"You know I'm pretty much worthless in a fight right. the other contestants in the death tournament today are going to be much more useful in a fight than me. I was barely able to scrape by every round."

Mikay shot me a disappointed look before continuing 

"No no, you're much stronger in a fight than any of those other prospective students. you were not only able to hold your own against them despite being at a large disadvantage, you even managed to incapacitated one of them and potentially inflict lethal damage to another. that's some truly impressive stuff."

I let out a sigh

"See, you even agree that I'm at a disadvantage here. Besides, aren't you like much stronger than those students even now? I'm sure you're much stronger than me in this whole fighting thing than I ever will be."

"Well, that I might be stronger for the time being but, I'm only about as strong as Ethan is right now. I'm only going to get weaker as I time goes on and eventually, I would only be as strong as one of those prospective students if not for my field experience."

"This body degradation with age thing you have going on is really inconvenient it seems."

"If only you knew the half of it. Eventually, I'm wont be able to do anything on my own anymore. That's why I'm giving you a portion of my P-Particles while I still can. Although as far as this procedure goes I'm in unexplored territories right now. I don't know how long it may take but you should be able to feel a ghostly addition to your body that you cant really see or touch but you can still feel it as if it's a part of your own body."

"So this P-Particle thing is responsible for the abnormality in my proprioception that my diagnos... I mean, I noticed a new part of my body that doesn't line up with anything else that I have physically"

"I'm sorry Phanna but I'm still not quite sure what this 'Proprioception' thing you're talking about is but those of us borne in this world only have the sense of sight, smell, taste, touch, hearing and influence perception. But this new body part that you can feel that somehow doesn't have anything physical counter part to it matches precisely with what we call the Sphere of Influence which is what allows us to experience Influence Perception in this world."

Well this fully explains what is happening to my senses. 

Mikay's hand is still grasping mine and I'm pretty sure that that's how he's transferring these P-Particles things into me.

Knowing that, I can probably conclude that the other backdoors installed into my sense are the results of these P-Particles invading my system.

But I better ask to be safe either way. 

Again, having bad sensory data is probably the most dangerous situation for any complex organism to be in humans included.

"I see. Well that solves one mystery. I also noticed that my sense of sight, touch and hearing have also been changed. Well they're not exactly different but I noticed that there are backdoors instal... I mean that in the future there may be times where i end up seeing, hearing, and feeling things that aren't.... real?"

I'm really struggling to explain this situation to Mikay. 

with limited vocabulary, even the most mundane conversation becomes a puzzle of trying to deconstruct vocabulary into their essential ideas.

Fortunately, Mikay seem to have understood what I was trying to say and seems to be quite understanding of the fact that the language he speaks is a subset or a limited version of the language I speak.

Oh god... Now I'm even trying to deconstruct words into ideas even when I'm thinking to myself....

"I didn't think you'd experience changes in those area's yet unless... you've gotten abilities that allows you to see, feel and hear things differently already? You must be some kind of genius!"

"Um... Mikay, I didn't say I noticed changes in those senses yet. I was just saying that those senses are now... potentially controlled by something else and I wanted to know if the P-particles are the reason for that. In fact I cant even feel anything different about my body or this new body part you spoke of. It only really show up in my diag... I mean when I focus really hard on trying to find differences between my body and senses."

"Wait you aren't able to feel any difference? You had me so excited there..."

"Sorry to disappoint you Mikay but I don't feel anything yet."

Mikay had a look of disappointment on his face.

I mean I get that he in a hurry to "save his daughter" or something but he doesn't even have a plan.

"I was hoping to teach you everything I know about Abilities as soon as possible but if you don't have a feel for your Sphere of Influence yet then there's really not much of a point in teaching you anything until that happens."

"I see... I was hoping you'd teach me about it too so I can begin experimenting with reverse eng... performing the summoning ritual backwards but I guess if it's going to be fruitless until I have a grasp of this Sphere of Influence thing of your world then I guess I don't have much choice other than to just to wait it out."

"That seems to be the case unfortunately." Mikay lamented.

"How long does it take to gain the ability to feel this Sphere of Influence properly anyways?"

"People in our world are born with the ability to feel their own Sphere of Influence, or at the very least, everyone is fully aware of it by the time they are able to speak. Assuming that it does take some time to gain perception of the Sphere of Influence, we can probably expect the process to take no more than 2 years. That's why I said I was in uncharted territories earlier."

"That's a minor annoyance"

"For you, probably, but you have to remember I don't have all the time in the world here!"

"Right your body decays with time... Hmmm...."

This death by physical decay over time is something that I've only seen in non-human animals in my world.

It seems rather inconvenient but I never really stopped to ponder what life would be like for them.

I had always just assumed that they wouldn't feel anything since they just didn't have rational thought to be able to communicate with someone else.

Now that I think about it... I do remember that there was a procedure to bestow biological immortality onto animal like these if the animal was kept as a pet and had significant emotional value to the owner.

I think one of my parents even did this to one of their pets if I remember correctly.

Maybe I can find some information about somewhere in my long term data storage?

"user database find_related  'pet immortality'"

_$ 400GB of data found related to search term 'pet immortality'. Load data as knowledge_pack 'pet_immortality'? y/n_

_yes_

_$ Data loaded._

A torrent of knowledge came flooding into my mind. 

I'm quite suppressed at the how much random knowledge I had from I've collected over the years from having random conversations with people or through random bouts of curiosity that needed to be satisfied immediately.

Of course, right now, Gravitational Wave Observations is at the forefront of my knowledge but I can see a day where I shelf my knowledge of that in favor of something else. 

I did a rapid mental skim of all that I currently know about bestowing immortality on a pet and to my surprise, my knowledge is decently complete conceptually. 

In fact it's not even just about pet immortality but rather about how biological immortality works in general.

Though there are some missing gaps here and there, the knowledge i have on hand is plenty enough to allow me to derive the final solution with a bit of experimentation and simulations.

I exited my state of pondering and looked over to Mikay once again.

"Hey Mikay, what do you think about becoming my pet?" I said with a smirk and a hand on my cheeks.

<center><a href="./ch-011">Next Chapter</a></center>
