# Chapter 3: Title in Progress.
I made my way to the front of my home and opened the door. 

As expected, Ethan was standing there before me with a gleeful smile.

"Thanks for coming over on such short notice Ethan."
 
"No no it's my honor to be of service to you."

"Please come in, also shoes off please as usual."

Ethan did as I asked and entered my home.

"So where's Phanna?"

"In the aquarium."

"Oh?"

"Apparently that's a bad idea since the aquarium this 'air tight' thing and poses a greater risk than not having it. have you heard of such a thing before?"

"Unfortunately I haven't..."

We made our way to Phanna's room and as expected Phanna's laying motionless in the aquarium. 

"Is that... Phanna?"

"Yup"

We made our way over to the edge of the aquarium with Phanna still remaining motionless.

Ethan's face show clear signs of unrest starting from the moment we stepped into this room and worsened as we approached the glass box.

"Are you sure your apprentice is still alive?"

Before I got the chance to answer, Phanna responded with a voice full of disappointment.

"I'm quite alive, thank you very much."

Ethan, rather startled by Phanna's remake let out a yelp

"I don't quite recognize your voice. I'm guessing your the cleric that Mikay alluded to earlier?"

"T-that's right, my name is Ethan, I'm a Master with 3 Innate abilities. How do you do?"

Ethan clumsily gave his intro completely fumbling just about everything.

I'm not quite sure why he's so nervous or scared but whatever.

"Master? and I'm gonna assume that this innate ability isn't what I think it is..."

Phanna's answer seems completely unimpressed hence why I stepped in here to do some explaining.

"Panna, abilities are what allows us to defy the natural laws of the world."

"So magic?"

"You can call it that I suppose. Innate abilities are quite rare and Ethan here possess 3 of them which makes him a Master. Fortunately 2 of his innate abilities are useful for healing which is why he's here"

"..."

"I'm gonna have him examine you now."

"Right... and if you are I'm going to examine me I'm going to examine you too. user initiate wave receivers cache"

Ethan looked at me rather confused and I too returned the gaze with a shrug.

"Just ignore that and proceed." I said Ethan.

Phanna doesn't seem to care about what I said it seems and made no response. 

"Y-yes Master Mikay!"

Ethan then stood in front of the glass box and centered on Phanna's body with both hands reaching forwards palms touching the glass.

"I'm starting now." Ethan then said.

It honestly didn't look like anything's happening but I can tell Ethan has started his analysis due to the fact that his face no longer shows any signs of uneasiness or nervousness. 

This is not a side of Ethan I see often as he's always a fanboy around me. 

Though when he's serious and working hard, it's like he's a completely different person.

I wonder how he's handling this whole running a school business. 

Probably better than whoever was there before if he's there now and not whoever the guy before was.

or maybe it's cuz the previous guy left. 

As I was thinking about this, I notice Ethan's expression changed from his determined look that he had in the beginning to a much more worried look.

"Hey is everything still alright?" I asked. 

"Oh um... I'm... uhhh... I got some bad news..."

"That's... not what I want to hear..." 

Before I can finish the rest of my sentence, Phanna quickly interjected.

"Let me tell you this, there's nothing wrong with me."

"You say that but, I've never seen any internal structure like yours before."

"I told you already it's completely normal. My body abnormality detector would have informed me about any abnormalities if anything did go wrong and baring extreme damage, my body will reset to its normal state. Honestly, I'm more surprised by whatever you did"

"Me?" 

"Ya, I wasn't expecting you'd perform an ultra sound and all without any equipment as well. much less be able to make out anything within this space."

"Ultra sound? I'm not exactly sure what you mean? But I was using my Innate Ability Soprano..."

Phanna chuckled at the comment.

"Well... even if we assume that to be true... I... uhhh... how should we address you?"

"wha?"

"Well You seem to... um... lack any reproductive capability..."

"Oh, I guess Mikay didn't fill you in"

"No this is news to me too" I interjected.

"You sure are forgetful for such a young person."

Ethan seems to be rather confused at what's happening.

"Me?"

"Not you Ethan. I mean Mikay."

I sighed. "Phanna, you might as well fill Ethan in too and maybe answer his question too while you're at it"

Phanna made a dissapointed face... or what can only be read as a disappointed given the whole stasis disabling body parts business.

Honestly, I still have my doubts regarding this whole stasis thing. 

"Long story short, my I don't have a maximum life span. We call this biological immortality and I'm around 800 years old currently. That's why people of my home arn't able to reproduce and almost all reproductive features are removed from our geneti... I mean, we are born without these features."

"Right..." I do seem to recall being informed about the first part. However, that last part definitely sounds new to me. 

"Then uhh"

"If you're asking about how we procreate, we have a long process of filing out application forms, sending in geneti... flesh samples and having this process done by an authorized third party." 

Ethan seems to be speechless

"Ethan, you can just ignore what Phanna said, they're prone to rambling about nonsense."

"Hey I'm aliready making an effort here to make things easier for your primitive minds! Ugh"

"No no Mikay, I was kind just sort of stunned. I'm not exactly sure I understand all of it but if what Phanna said is true..."

Ethan turned towards Phanna before continuing

"What kind of danger are you in Phanna?"

"There's a few things, Most Urgently, death by lack of Oxygen. Second to that, death by lack of water. Third to that, death by lack of food. You know the usual."

"I thought you were Immortal" I asked.

"Biologically Immortal. if I'm not killed, I don't die. Appearently that's not a common thing here"

"n-no not at all here"

"You're both probably thinking that if I managed to leave this box, I should be ok but if I did, I'd probably be at an even greater risk of death by illness"

"That's why Ethan's here cuz we're going to bust you out"

"Right, you're gonna magic me back to health."

"Look, Phanna, before you dismiss us, at least give it a try. After all, I did manage to do some impossiable feat bringing you here didn't I"

"That's right, Master Mikay is one of the few Masters out there who's even able to perform the summoning ritual with any reasonable amout of success. You should be honored to be able to be his apprentice. A lot of people would kill for... like me..."

Ethan's voice trailed off towards the end there. 

And honestly, him being such a huge fan of mine makes it quite hard to actually ask him what I'm going to need.

It'll probably just come off as mainpulative. 

"Anyways. that's not the point, the point, the point is we're gonna get you out of this aquarium now"

"Wait this is an aquarium!? What was living in here before me?!?!"

"Pillow"

"Pillows don't live in aquariums"

"Oh Pillow's my pet slime. it's chilling out in the mini aquarium in Hickory's room."

Phanna exhaled quite the breath. 

"I don't know what to say"

"Don't worry I cleaned the aquarium before I summoned you."

"That doesn't make it any better!"

"Ugh whatever I guess I'm probably going to die by desease weather I like it or not i guess"

"That's why Ethan is here. I told you already"

I then turned to Ethan and asked 

"So how ready are you with extracting Phanna out of this box"

"I'm I dont know how I feel about this whole absolutely abnormal business but considering Phanna's level 0, I would be able to make something happen here"

"Alright, then I'm opening up this aquarium now. any objections."

"Absolutely not!"

"Unfortunately not..."

Hearing the confirmation from the two of them I felt confident in making my way over to one end of the aquarium and disengaged the locking mechnism before making my way to the other side and doing the same.

The aquarium isn't really that tall, just about my height maybe a bit more. 

It's hard to tell when the top is just above eye level but I have a feeling it should be around my height.

I activated two instances of my strengen ability and easily lifted the lid off of the aquarium and placed it on the side of the room

As i was doing this, Phana spoke up again

"What the... does everyone in your world have super stength? that thign is like made of solid glass and you're just waving it around like cardboard?"

I didn't respond but Ethan took this opertunity to explain it

"You see, that is what abilities allows you to do. I believe Master Mikay activated the ability 'strengthen'..."

"Two instance of it actually"

"Right two instances of it"

After I finished putting the lid on the side. i turned to phanna and asked

"Alright you should probably do that user exist statis thing and get out of there."

"user exit stasis and cease wave receivers"

After saying that, Phanna got up from the ground and gave me the most disapointed and disgusted look I've ever seen before climbing over the glass barrier and landing on the other side

"So this is what air smells like in this world."

"I dont really approve of either of you but at the very least I do like the smell of your air"

"Oh? does your home world smell different from that of mine and Master Mikay's"

"Well it's not that I cant find places that smells like this in my world but it's just alot more segrigated from the main area. Most people live in densely populated metropoli... oversized towns. so alot of the time, the are just smells like other people. It's not a bad smell. it just doesn't really smell as alive as this."

"Oh, so you're a mega town person? You'll love Mastery Town. It's the place where the Guild of Mastery has their base of opperations."

Ethan made his comment happily but Phanna only giggled a the comment.

"mega town hehe..."

"Actually I'd rather not go to this Mastery Town, im sure it'll dissapoint me."

"How can you say that about a place you've never been to?" Ethan pleaed

"Lets just say. just the building I used to live in probably houses more people than you have in this entire world."

Phanna seemed pretty confident in those words but now's not really the time for random chitchat which is why I interjected into the idle chatter

"So how do you feel out and about Phanna? Do you feel anything? We should probably get started with..."

"Are you stupid Mikay? Illness doesn't just happen instantly."

"Phanna, Mikay, if I may interject, I'd like to know a little more about how illness work in Phanna's world. You see in our world, illnesses are believed to be a form of bad omen."

"Well at least you're not as hopeless as Mikay, Illness are caused by microsopic... extremely tiny life forms called Bacteria and Viruses. They are functionally parasites that hitch a ride in larger things and when they get too big and too out of control, it becomes an illness."

"Ah so that's how it works in your world"

"No i'm sure it works the same in yours as well, Ethan. You just dont know it yet."

"How can you be so certain about this Phanna? Afterall we aren't even from the same world..."

Phanna paused and thought about it for a while and then gave off a pretty confident answer.

"Lets make a wager Ethan. Right now on me are countless bacteria and viruses that I have built up my own personal defenses against and you have not, the same can be said for both you and Mikay in regards to me. According to my theory we will all be getting sick with each other within the same timeframe now that we are exposed to each other. What do you say? Wanna stake a bet between our to ideas and what predictive power it holds?"

Phanna has this really smug look on their face while Ethan on the other hand feels extremely uneasy.

"Um... we dont have any predictions..."

"Well you say that but you do have one prediction dont you. That neither of you will get sick because of exposure to me because of this whole 'illness is omen' business right?"

"Well if you put it that way... I guess I cant really refuse"

Phanna has an evil grin on their face and feels absolutely confident in their predictions.

Ethan on the other side is quite intimidate by Phanna.

That's when I decided to jump in and stop this whole mess

"Hey you two, how about we cut this out. What good will a silly bet like this accomplish. and it's not like Phanna has anything to give you even if you win Ethan..."

Before I could finish my thought Phanna cut me off 

"This is a matter of Honor and Pride. Not like there's anything else worth wagering"

"You know Phanna you have a very skewed sense of values. Just stop this sillyness ok?"

Phanna doesn't seem to happy with my suggestion but reluctantly agreed

"Welp chances are I'm gonna die anyways since I'm exposed to way more pathogens being in your enviroment than you are to me, so I just wanted to get one final victory before I pass on. So much for making this new discovery... Tho I guess that's what I initially wanted. Oh the irony..." 

"I already told you, you're not going to die. That's what Ethan is here to ensure."

"Right he's gonna magic away the ill spirits away from my body and cure me of whatever illness. Whatever, I guess I should at least experiance the food in your world."

Then Phanna sat down and began eating the food i had sitting around in the table. 

I guess this food did manage to be useful afterall.

"Oh by the way. do you have any water?"

"Yes. I'll get you some"

I left the room and made my way across the hall way and made my way into the kitchen area part of the living room and began boiling hot water.

I ignited some timber in the fire place with Pyromancer ability before hanging the kettle on the hook in the fireplace.

This area used to feel so small with the 3 of us living here... but in recent years it just feels so empty and deserted. I guess Phanna will likely liven up this place by quite a bit... Assuming we all get though this whole illness ordeal.

That prediction made by Phanna still bothered me however, the fact that we are all going to get sick in the relatively near future togehter. 

It's an astounding prediction if it turns out to be true... maybe I should take what Phanna says more seriously...

I guess we'll see if it turns out to be true or not first.

But I do remember the last summon I had. I dont think I even know his name to this day considering how heavy his accent was... All I remember was Ali something... 

But maybe I do recall getting sick sometimes around the summoning?

The kettle started making it's signature whistle as I was trying to recall the exact sequence of events that took palce prior to Phanna's arrival. 

I extinguished the fire with Pyromancer and took the kettle off the hook and threw a few dried tea leaves into a tea strainer which I then threw into the kettle before returning to Phanna's room with it and the 3 cups.

"Sorry I kept you waiting. Here's some hot tea strait off the burner." I said putting the kettle and the cups on the table. 

"Thanks" Phanna replied looking up from the food towards me.

Without another word, Phanna broke eye contact and reached for one of the cups and filled it with the hot tea and began blowing on it before taking a sip. 

While Phanna was consuming the food and tea, i began pouring a glass of tea for Ethan and myself as well and passed one of the cups to Ethan

"Thank you Master Mikay" 

Ethan too performed the same blowing and sipping action that Phanna performed as well. 

I guess even if we all come from a different world well all have a similar set of habbits I thought as i too performed the same set of actions leading up to my sipping of the hot tea.
