## Abilities: 
there's 3 main types of abilities in the world at this point. Common Abilities, Innate Ability and Primordial Abilities. All abilites opperates on a similar principle, as long as whatever target you're opperating on is within the opperator's spear of influence and are under mostly their infulence they can opperate on it. however once the effect leaves the opperator'e spear of influence, the effect will propigate by the normal laws of nature. (see more on innate abilities to understand how they work). ability class can be identified via usage of the common ability "Particle Vision" where the user is able to see P-Particles activate and see the activation and activity as different collors, the intensity of color generally means the stronger the ability.  


## Common Abilities:
these are what's thought to be the simplest abilities using the P-Particles that anyone with enoug practice can obtain. in theory anyone with enough time can master all common abilitres. however in practice most people only really master a small subset of all possiable common abilities. Common abilities are often seen as degraded versions of Innate Abilities but that's not the case. they are often just less efficent or less potent versions created by the people later on in immitating Innate Abilities which is why they are much more accessable than Innate abilities. however sometimes, every so often, some common ability are built better than the innate ability that it's based off of. Common abilities are initially built by people who have previousely owned a Innate Ability and created versions easier to access. this process happens subcontiously and is often passed onto the people who they commonly come into contact with. because of this. there's much less number of common abilities than innate abilities and hence it's much easier for people to have the same common ability. since innate abilities are much harder to get and not that many has been obtained throughout history meaning there's a lot less common abilities than innate ones. hence why it's often known as "common abilities" as it's common for many people to have the same abilities. it is worth noting that some extremely widely used Common Ability such as Iron Skin, Focus Energy and Self Regeneration have become stronger over time as it's used by countless generations of people and enhanced subcontiously over time that they are often stronger than their innate counter parts. Since Common abilities are based on innate abilities they do have a cap to around equal to that of innate abilities. as such, they will never be stronger than a primordial ability.


## Innate Abilities: 
these are the degraded versions of abilities that are originally created by the source of all P-Particles and the master of all abilities. they often hard to acquire and master. those with Innate Skill have to put significant effort into obtaining them and many will spend their whole lives without ever having one. As such, people with innate abilies are well respected and those with more than one are rare and even more respected and even feared. the ownership of innate abilities became the one of the basis for elegibility into various dangerous positions such as law enforcement, military, desaster resuce, etc. though it's not the only way to qualify, it's the most sure fire way to qualify. on the story's mainland, there's a guild known as the Guild of Mastery which collects people with innate abilities and ranks them as well as lones them out to parties who are in need of powerful indiviuals for various tasks too dangerous for their normal staff such as busting crim syndicates or overseeing riots. they are also trained to be stronger and some even gain additioal innate abilities while training with them. 

generally, innate abilities are thought to be unique in that there cannot be dupdicates of it but that's actually false. given the same circumstances, experiance, p-particle count and type and various other aspects,, 2 people can manifest the same innate ability. however the possibtility of that is extremely slim as it's theorized that there's more unique innate abities than there are stars in the skys as legend has it that innate abilities originate from star fragments fallen from the heavens. however this isn't true, innate abilities are just short cuts to spicific combinations for things that the P-Particles do (like Macros / hot keys) and if people know how to opperate and interact with P-Particles, they can manually re-create these.


## Primordial Abilities: 
these abilities are carbon copies of abilities of the stars as legend says. but in reality they are the exact abilities created by the creator of abilities. because of it's power, holders of primordial abilities are often feared and respected. those who posess on or more of this class of ability is instantly elegable to be a "grand master" within the Guid of Mastery (the alternate requirement is to own 5 or more innate abilities). grand masters are theorized to be able to destroy a country by themselves but since many countries have at least one grandmaster belonging to them, this has yet to be proven. thos who do not have a grandmaster's protection will have a Phantom Lord's protection since not having any protection would mean the country would be annexed easily. 

## Phantom Lords: 
Phantom Lords are called such because on paper, they shouldn't be able to exist but they do. These are indiviuals who fit the quiteria for being a grandmaster but for one reason or another, isn't one. In the current time of the story, the strongest Grandmaster, holder of 3 primordial abilities, Hickory, decided one day to stop being a grandmaster and renounced their title of grandmaster and currently is the strongest of the Phantom Lords. All Phantom Lords are kept a close eye on by  the guild of mastery as they are a powerful group that can rival the guild and cannot be forced into submission. There's 3 tiers of Phantom Lords however most people don't know about it. the first tier is know as the self proclamed Phantom Lord. these are powerful indiviuals who do not nesessarily fit the official quiteria of being a phantom lord but are still quite powerful. they however have gaind the approval of various other phantom lords and are allowed to proclaim themselves as such. the second type of phantom lord is an untested phantom lord. these are people who do fit the requirement but hasn't faught a grandmaster yet. majority of the higher ranking and more well known phantom lords are untested including Hickory. The final type of Phantom Lords are know as Tempered Phantom Lords as they have encountered, faught and survived (often through defeating the opposition) one or more grandmaster. because of how the definitions are, it is possiable to be a tempered self-proclaimed phantom lord however these are very rare and there's only one around currently as having a primordial ability or 5 or more innate abilities are seen as a must in order to even stand toe to toe with a grandmaster.

## Guild of Mastery:
The guild was once established by the progenitor of all abilities and P-Particales and is acts as a peace keeping orginization across the lands and has stood for countless generations as the arbitur and mediator. secondary to that, it is a way for the progenitor to watch over more of the world as Abilities are manifestations and extentions of themself. Since Abilities and P-Particals are what manifists the Progenitor's contiousness and will, higher level indivuals with large numbers of Abilities are often unknowingly under the influence of the progenitor. this is how the guild, despite it's enormous power, has remains mostly unchanging to the current day. the Phantom Lords are hence sometimes ones who reject the influence of the Progenitor like Hickory. Although the Progenitor isn't a melevent force, their methods and goals can be put into question at times.

inorder to ensure that there is a next generation of Grandmasters, the guild actively trains people hoping to develope stronger indiviuals. there are 3 ranks within the guild officially and an unofficial 4th rank. most people who join will won't manage to climb a rank as the growth needed is quite a steep wall between each rank. however many do strengthen within their own rank and very rarely does indiviuals skip entire ranks when ranking up. The primary daily task guild members perform includes physical training, ability training, mental training during stand-bys and during expiditions, they are sent off to assist in conflicts, oversee and assist in high risk unstable situations, protection for high profile indiviuals, and general supportive functions.

## Protegee:
This is the lowest rank within the guild. the minimum requirement for this rank is the posession of 1 or more innate ability. these are the most plentiful of the ranks with thousands of registred indiviual. the guild doesn't seek out these indiviuals but they are often awarded higher respect for being a registered guild member and some bonus privilages resulting in large number of registrants.

## Masters:
Masters are the first rank that the guild will actively seek out indiviuals who fit the quiteria and recuite them. the requirement is the indiliual must posess 3 or more innate ability. these people are rare and often serve high ranking roles in their society. however the Guild does not force them to join but only highly incentivize them to join. the Masters are also the main group responsible for conducting the search for other masters and grandmaster candidates. 

## Grand Masters:
this is the highest official rank of the guild. the requirement is an indiviual must posess 5 or more innate abilities or one or more primordial abilities. these indiviuals are the trump cards of the guild and are often deployed to protect countries and provide guidance to the local political system. mathamatically speaking, if a grandmaster with 5 innate skills were to fight a grandmaster with only 1 primordial ability, the grandmaster with 5 will have a significant advantage. however, because of the rarity of primordial skills and the dificulty to obtain, many grandmasters who has primordial skills also has at least 2 or more innate skills with very few exceptions. the guild actively seeks out these people and offer them a position and should they refuse, they are branded as a phantom lord and is subjugated as soon as the guild can get 2 or more grandmasters together. 

## Master of Masters:
this is rank is often only spoken of in legends with only 1 person to have ever reached this rank. the supposid requirement is the ownership of 5 or more primordial abilities but most reccords of that has since been lost to time. as customary now a days, the official strongest grandmaster at an y given time is appointed the honorary master of masters title. it is said that a true master of masters can easily singlehandedly defeat the rest of the guild in it's entierty by force. however that has never happened before. if such an indiviual were to go rouge, they'd likely threaten the ballence of the world. the phantom lord equivilant for this is goes by many names but is often jokingly reffered to as "calamaty lord" as there is no official term for it. coincidentally, Hickory is often know as a calamity lord among the masses. 

## Level System:
The level system is a simple system for determining the potential of any particular unit. in general, the weaker the unit, the lower the level. a level 1 person is an avarage civilian with access to a small pool of P-Particles for daily life tasks. tho the abilities wielded by these people are almost exclusively common abilities, they can still sometimes put up a decent fight. level 2 has about 10 times more P-Particles than a level 1 and is one of the alternative quiteria to get a job in law enforcement. level 3 has about 10 times more p-particles than level 2 and is often a requirement for the military. level 4 has again 10 time more numurous P-Particles than level 3 and is often found as commanders of armies and sometimes are Masters or Grandmasters. level 5 is the highest level thought possiable for humans though theoritically, there's no real upper limit. the base line is again, 10x more P-Particles. majority of level 5 indiviuals are masters, grandmasters or phantom lords. but there are some exceptions.  

## P-Particles:
P-Particles are what is what the general people would call magical energy if this was in some other contexts. but they are actually the long rand communicator units for a somewhat local cluster of nano computers floating around within the body. the nano computer have many specializations and each beacon is responsiable for communicating with each other and in some cases communicating with the central nervious system although that job is also shared by some of the more specialized nano computers. 

the most numorous comute unit withing the cluster is the quantum compute. by creating large scale superpositions, and doing arbiturary calculation, the local probability complexity is increased dramatically causing a large amount of dark matter to flood in. by selecting carfully the pattern of dark matter the computation allows the user to manipulate qunatum probability. when scaled up, this would allow mathamatically impossiable but non-zero chance event to happen such as spontanious matter generation (such as boltzeman brain events) and local and gloabl entrophy manipulation. if a person is able to directly control these units, they can run non-arbiturary calculations on them.

the area where these effects can take place is know as a user's sphere of influence and is determined by the number of quantum micro compute units they have and have running.

## Sphear of influence
the sphear of influence is the distance where the user has control of via their P-Particle controlled events. this area is technically an ovoid (3D oval) for people level 3 or higher but it's mostly described as a sphear. the effective shape may deform as other p-particle owners approach. any effect within the sphear of influence of the owner can break some of the laws of nature but once the effect leaves, it's subject to the laws of nature again. however the common approach is just to exand the sphear of influence to allow a bigger cast radius. those level 2 or lower can't really even make an round shape with their influence hence they are often look down on.

## Progenitor of P-Particles and Abilities:
the progenitor was originally born on an off earth apocalypse survival staion and was genetically engeneered to be borned with P-Particles at birth and have it intigrated with their neuro pathways with the hopes to create someone strong eneugh to re-vitialize earth and re-introduce humans to the world after the earth has stablized from it's previous apocalypse event some eons ago. once the progenitor came, they were able to sorta restore humanity and left behind the p-particles, abilities and the guild of mastery before dissapearing and never to be seen again. 

## World History (legends and fokelore):
hundreds of year ago, stars fell from the sky bringing with it the P-particles and the heavely abilities of the stars. the progenitor had it all but felt loney so they created various humans in their likeness and in love, gave their creations the P-particles and abilities. the created ones grew powerful and numerous and eventually greedy for more, killed the body of the progenitor to obtian more p-particles and abilities. in their dying breath, they layed a curse on all abilities that they may be sealed away and unobtainable by those who are not worthy. instantly all innate abilities dissapeared from the world and without an overseer of the lands, the tribes of the world went to war against each other. it was as this went on that some people wanting to stop the conflicts threw themselves into the middle of a fight and became the frist to re-obtain the innate skills again. they later on decided to form the guild of mastery and dedicate it to protecting the peace of the lands. 


