# Prologue

Patrisha and her party were seated atop a tall tree that overlooked the mountain and the valley below.

Normally, she and her team were in charge of keeping a close watch on this chunk of the forest during the day and defending against any invaders or wild beasts, and today was no different.

However, today was a bit special, even if it wasn't different from any other normal day.

Two of their own were taking a test to earn their enrollment in the School of Mastery.

This school isn't something that just anyone can attend.

Only the best of the best are able to make it... or so they say.

That's why the whole squad was overjoyed to find out that two of their own had made it to the final phase of the entrance exams.

Of course, if not for the fact that the squad's absence would cause major issues with the colony, the whole squad would be watching the event in person now.

Yet, even despite their unfortunate situation, they are very determined to at least witness some of the events themselves.

"Hey, Amanda's about to fight again! Everyone, quick, look!" yelled the girl looking through a round tube pointed towards the valley below.

At her call, numerous other elves jumped up onto the treetops and started observing the valley below with similar scopes of their own.

Patrisha, too, pointed her scope towards the valley and started looking through it.

"Hey, that guy looks like a half-elf."

"Yeah, he doesn't look too strong. Should be an easy win for sis."

"Tell me about it, I remember him basically jumping off of the platform at the start of his last round."

"Easy win, easy win!"

...

"Think he's trying to buy time with the conversation?"

"Doesn't look like it, sis seemed like she started the conversation."

"Odd... Oh! They're starting."

...

"T-this guy..."

...

"Uh oh... What is sis doing!!!"

"No! No! Your back!!!"

"!"

"!!"

"OH MY GOD!!!"

"T...that was too close for comfort..."

"Y-Yea..."

"I... I wonder which colony he's from. Those are some pretty flashy moves..."

"D... Do you think whatever tribe he's from might end up being our enemies?"

"I... sure hope not... if even the boys are this skilled, think about how strong their girls would be."

"..."

"..."

"I-I'll go report this to the higher-ups."

"Right, I'll go back to patrolling..."

"Me too..."

"Same here... Let us know when Melody or Amanda fights again."

"Sure... Hopefully, they don't get matched up against this half-elf kid again..."

As Patrisha's party scattered back into the woods below, she was left with an uneasy feeling.

Who was this half-elf boy? Which colony did he come from? Will Melody and Amanda truly be okay?

These were all thoughts that made Patrisha feel rather uncomfortable, but for now, there was nothing she could do but to just wait.

## <center>~<center>

<center><a href="./a9bIQF8s">Next Chapter</a></center>

